xxxx. bone marrow transplant evaluation. aml. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. picc line is in xxxx. the tip is in the upper right atrium. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none. xxxx year old mid to lower back pain since xxxx. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx preop anesthesia xxxx cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
none sepsis. anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear. .
none. xxxx-year-old with a headache. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
pa and lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, abdominal pain. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size slightly enlarged. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. mild cardiomegaly, stable. .
pa and lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, abdominal pain. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size slightly enlarged. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. mild cardiomegaly, stable. .
chest radiograph from xxxx, xxxx. shortness of breath with productive xxxx cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. xxxx xxxx opacities xxxx reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding. bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. left numbness after xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. ,786.4 hyperinflated chest as before, compatible with emphysema. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female with hypertension the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe, only seen on the ap view and may represent artifact. no acute bony abnormalities. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. esoph cancer stable appearing hyperinflated chest. postop changes mediastinum as before. no suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. esoph cancer stable appearing hyperinflated chest. postop changes mediastinum as before. no suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
xxxx. shortness of breath. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx. shortness of breath. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion, nodules, adenopathy, or masses. .
pa and lateral views of the chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or large effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx. there are 2 xxxx masses within the right chest, largest over the right heart xxxx measuring up to 3.8 x 3.4 cm. the appearance is concerning for metastatic disease, given the history of right-sided breast cancer. .
xxxx-year-old male, dizziness, xxxx apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings .
none available xxxx-year-old male, shortness of breath heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx chest pain normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx, xxxx, etoh 1. widened upper mediastinal silhouette. may represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. however, the setting of xxxx, upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. 2. mild cardiomegaly appears stable. no edema. no layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female with osteoporosis, emphysema lungs are hyperexpanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. 1. no focal air space consolidation. 2. hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. .
none indication: history of tobacco use; the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none shortness of breath the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx. shortness of breath. history polysubstance abuse. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute abnormality. .
xxxx chest pain stable moderate cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. decreased left basilar airspace disease. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. 2. improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. .
none. high blood pressure. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old male status post xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none dyspnea lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine. 1. heart size upper limits of normal. 2. small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease. .
ovarian ca; xxxx for xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
ovarian ca; xxxx for xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
dyspnea and xxxx loss. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx and xxxx for about one xxxx, shortness of breath started 4 days ago, some chest pain. heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. this has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. more focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. no lobar consolidation or effusion. no pneumothorax. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male. xxxx. headache. hypertension. apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). negative for acute bone abnormality. borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea. midsternal chest pressure, tightness. history of pneumonia one month ago. there is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. the lungs are chronically hypoinflated. there is xxxx visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from xxxx. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from xxxx. . .
none xxxx-year-old female, chest pain, xxxx symptoms streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
none xxxx-year-old female, chest pain, xxxx symptoms streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
xxxx preop for ear surgery. history of tobacco use. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old male with seizure, ethanol abuse the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a xxxx effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation. .
none available. history of xxxx. this radiograph was xxxx available for my interpretation at xxxx hours xxxx/xxxx. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx suture 15 xxxx xxxx-year-old female, postpartum, 1 xxxx per xxxx xxxx, sputum production normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. interval development of healing left sided rib fractures. .
chest x-xxxx suture 15 xxxx xxxx-year-old female, postpartum, 1 xxxx per xxxx xxxx, sputum production normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. interval development of healing left sided rib fractures. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old male with xxxx onset pleuritic pain. xxxx right basal airspace opacity. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. xxxx right basilar airspace opacity. .
none. pre-op ventral hernia repair, obesity, xxxx apnea, xxxx both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old xxxx with left shoulder pain. cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. abnormal feeling. cocaine use. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality. negative. .
none. productive xxxx patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest xxxx tip at svc. patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. pneumonia is in the differential. a followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process. .
xxxx xxxx for one xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest . .
xxxx xxxx for one xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest . .
xxxx. preop inguinal hernia. normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. difficulty breathing borderline cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. basilar atelectasis with xxxx posterior recess pleural effusions. overall, findings of mild volume overload. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female, short of breath, svt heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. no pleural effusion xxxx demonstrated. 1. mild to moderate cardiomegaly. 2. vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old. chest pain. enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. xxxx left base density. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. cardiomegaly without heart failure. minimal xxxx left basilar scarring/atelectasis. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with copd and left pleuritic chest pain. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old female with chest pain persistent vomiting. low lung volumes. stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. stable right upper mediastinal bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax. stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies. bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with xxxx goiter. .
pa lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx year old female, chest pain. prominent interstitial markings. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings, xxxx represent xxxx bronchiolitis. no focal areas of consolidation. . .
chest x-xxxx xxxx. xxxx year old, xxxx loss. heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, chest pain. there is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature. chest ct with contrast may be helpful for further clarification. .
none syncope, xxxx from ladder chest: three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an s-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear xxxx deformity identified. left shoulder: there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator xxxx pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head xxxx reflecting calcific tendinitis. .
none syncope, xxxx from ladder chest: three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an s-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear xxxx deformity identified. left shoulder: there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator xxxx pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head xxxx reflecting calcific tendinitis. .
ct of the chest with contrast xxxx. xxxx-year-old with chest pain. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
testis cancer the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. pain. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. pain. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. negative for acute abnormality. .
two-view chest xxxx. xxxx-year-old with a xxxx. the heart is normal in size and contour. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the lung volumes are low. there is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. stable chest. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with presyncope. stable left chest cardiac xxxx generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. emphysema. stable calcified granulomas. bony structures appear intact. emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest pain slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear no effusions or edema .
radiograph from xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film. .
xxxx, xxxx. sp cabg sob no rales sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary xxxx are normal. post operative chest with no acute disease. .
none xxxx-year-old with chest pain. vomiting and diarrhea. the patient was shielded. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old pregnant woman with chest pain, palpitations, shortness of breath. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old female, chest pain heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted. no acute cardiopulmonary findings .
none. preop anesthesia xxxx for temporal cancer. the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx scarring left base. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute preoperative process. .
ct chest xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with copd, xxxx, vomiting, and elevated white blood cell xxxx. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. .
prostate cancer heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. clips overlie the right medial hilum. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx, chest pain. sternotomy xxxx noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scarring left costophrenic xxxx, unchanged. calcified granulomas noted. no acute abnormality. .
none. pressure left-sided face. hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. xxxx unremarkable. appearance suggests emphysema. apical capping, slightly greater at the left. recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest x-xxxx films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in xxxx. critical result notification documented through primordial. .
none. pressure left-sided face. hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. xxxx unremarkable. appearance suggests emphysema. apical capping, slightly greater at the left. recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest x-xxxx films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in xxxx. critical result notification documented through primordial. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. lbot ca no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace process or pleural effusion. stable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
none xxxx-year-old female, xxxx heart size mildly enlarged. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. s-shaped spine curvature noted. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain and weakness stable heart size, mediastinal silhouette. no overt edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
xxxx-year-old female, xxxx, pain no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated. no acute xxxx related findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging if clinically indicated. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female with chest pain there is moderate cardiomegaly. there are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema. .
none available xxxx-year-old female, chf there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. 1. cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. 2. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
upper xxxx study xxxx/xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with achalasia post myotomy in xxxx. upper xxxx with retained contrast. known right lung mass. there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a 3.0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal. 1. retained contrast in the distal esophagus. 2. unchanged right hilar mass. .
xxxx abdominal pain and wheezing heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits.. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative endplate changes of the spine. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx. shortness of breath and xxxx. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. dyspnea both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx. xxxx. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. prior granulomatous disease appears stable. stable exam without acute abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx and lateral from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with pulmonary regurgitation. stable cardiomegaly. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are intact. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx calcific density in the left mid to upper lung xxxx represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. 1. stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. 2. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. . .
hypertension heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
hypertension heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. chest pain heart upper limits normal. lungs clear .
none. dyspnea and xxxx xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none. dyspnea and xxxx xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none available chest pain, passed out at xxxx the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none available chest pain, passed out at xxxx the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none chest pain the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities. 1. cardiomegaly .
none available xxxx, congestion, pain heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. .
none available xxxx, congestion, pain heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female, preop evaluation heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
back pain the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process. .
back pain the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process. .
pa and lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. ct abdomen and pelvis dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, pain, seen on xxxx for right-sided pain and xxxx. no improvement. low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothorax. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. right lower lobe airspace disease. . .
xxxx xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath minimally increased xxxx airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. findings are nonspecific, but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process. .
none stab lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs. .
none. pain status post xxxx from xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. xxxx chest radiograph is recommended if xxxx is not xxxx. .
none. pilonidal cyst, preop evaluation. apparent scarring within the lingula. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. apparent scarring within the lingula, otherwise unremarkable. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. the heart is large. in the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx status post right thoracentesis 1. no residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. no pneumothorax. 2. mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. 3. small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion, increased xxxx compared to prior chest radiograph. left lung base atelectasis/airspace disease. .
the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with lymphadenopathy. stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact. no thoracic xxxx fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx, xxxx, and xxxx. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx chronic xxxx, history pleural effusion, copd. interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx-year-old male with history of emphysema, xxxx, increasing dyspnea the lungs remain hyperexpanded. there are persistent xxxx bilateral lower lobe opacities, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no xxxx focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. 1. no acute findings. 2. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. emphysema. .
chest pain status post xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute abnormality. . .
xxxx-year-old male, dyspnea, xxxx no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen, left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx year old physical assault one xxxx ago with pain in the anterior ribs. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. preop knee surgery cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings. .
,786.2 xxxx cxr xxxx opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse xxxx compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post xxxx sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1. worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. high-resolution xxxx would be recommended to evaluate these findings 2. no evidence of acute pneumonia .
none xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath x 2 days heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath x 2 days heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none bone marrow transplant xxxx evaluation heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease. .
none. onset of difficulty breathing starting last xxxx. history of reactive airway disease. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old female chest pain. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx-year-old male, xxxx mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hemidiaphragm eventration. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
no comparisons are available dyspnea lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none ,724.5 there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 1.2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph xxxx. the pleural spaces are clear. nodular density noted on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact. no nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx. .
none ,724.5 there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 1.2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph xxxx. the pleural spaces are clear. nodular density noted on recent pa chest radiograph xxxx represents an artifact. no nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside xxxx from xxxx. .
xxxx hypertension, cardiac murmur the heart is mildly enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear. mild stable cardiomegaly, no acute disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. weakness. multiple sclerosis. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality. low lung volumes, otherwise clear. .
xxxx-year-old female, chest pain heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings .
xxxx, xxxx. pacemaker placement. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a single cardiac xxxx projecting over the right ventricle. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. cardiac xxxx projects over the right ventricle, without evidence of acute complication. .
endstage renal disease. history of testicular carcinoma. right central venous line has been removed. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. xxxx opacities at the lateral left base. the appearance xxxx atelectasis. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old female, preop cholecystectomy, xxxx, history of sarcoidosis.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none. xxxx dyspnea heart size normal. lungs clear. no edema or effusions. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx and lateral xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality. interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation, right greater than left, xxxx representing pneumonia.. followup imaging to document resolution is recommended. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx and lateral xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. a wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also xxxx patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality. interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation, right greater than left, xxxx representing pneumonia.. followup imaging to document resolution is recommended. .
chest pain, shortness of breath and xxxx no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx chest pain right arm pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx chest pain right arm pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old complaining of left-sided chest pain for one month. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with worsening xxxx loss. rule out malignancy. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcifications of the aortic xxxx. the lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. there is haziness in the right lung apex. there is a 1.7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. this may represent a vessel on end. there is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. these may be explained by overlapping structures, xxxx chest would be useful for further evaluation. 2. emphysematous changes. .
chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, nonsmoker, productive xxxx and wheezing since thanksgiving. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx weakness pa and lateral views were obtained. again, a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. no acute airspace process. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old complaining of xxxx, xxxx, history of asthma. chest pain. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old complaining of xxxx, xxxx, history of asthma. chest pain. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
transplant patient. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
frequent xxxx. history emphysema. there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator xxxx repair on the right. minimal left basilar opacity most xxxx representing atelectasis or chronic scarring. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx x3 months.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none xxxx distress normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
24 xxxx history of dyspnea heart size upper limits normal. sternotomy. right-sided aortic xxxx. lungs are clear. .
dyspnea the heart is mild enlarged. central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. there are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion. mild stable cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation, xxxx edema. .
none xxxx doesn't feel well, under a xxxx of xxxx heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx year-old male, chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air. 1. xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air. left lateral decubitus film may be helpful. 2. clear lungs. .
chest pain. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none xxxx-year-old male with history of heart attack the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine. 1. cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx evaluate for metastatic disease; history of renal cancer; preop adrenalectomy, left-sided pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx evaluate for metastatic disease; history of renal cancer; preop adrenalectomy, left-sided pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no acute disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx, wheeze and chills. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
history of nodule the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules are identified. no acute process. no definite pulmonary nodules are seen. if clinically indicated, further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule. .
history of nodule the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules are identified. no acute process. no definite pulmonary nodules are seen. if clinically indicated, further evaluation with ct of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain radiographic attenuation obscures detail. grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. heart is large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia. .
none. this is a xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. history of recent pneumomediastinum. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality. multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. exact etiology of these is unclear. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx year old midchest pain for 2 days. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none xxxx. dyspnea. normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal x-xxxx of chest. .
none chest pain heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
left anterior and posterior chest pain. dyspnea. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some xxxx bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. xxxx opacities in the lingula. the appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. xxxx since the earlier study. .
xxxx. kidney cancer. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no non-calcified nodules are identified. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx, congestion. status post xxxx repair. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small t-spine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx for a 7 xxxx xxxx. 1. xxxx interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of xxxx. 2. no pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax. .
chest x-xxxx for a 7 xxxx xxxx. 1. xxxx interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of xxxx. 2. no pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax. .
xxxx xxxx pa and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. the lungs appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there is no pneumothorax. pleural spaces are clear. there is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. findings could represent resolving histoplasmosis infection, sarcoidosis, or malignancy xxxx as lymphoma or primary lung cancer. recommend contrast-enhanced chest ct for further evaluation. .
none. xxxx. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
xxxx hypoxia; 1. all lines and tubes in stable , xxxx position. 2. limited portable study with stable appearance of lung xxxx with stable widened mediastinum 3. no xxxx acute findings/pneumothorax noted. .
none. xxxx-year-old female history of xxxx, chills and difficulty breathing for 10 days. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . .
xxxx xxxx . there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx unchanged xxxx scarring. no pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease. .
none. 786.2 xxxx there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there is dextrocurvature within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea the heart is large. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates. persistent cardiomegaly. right midlung scar. no visible acute failure or pneumonia. .
none xxxx-year-old male, pain hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. .
ap chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain and shortness of breath.. compared to prior examination from xxxx, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. left basilar opacity xxxx represents chronic fibrosis/scar. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx blood in stool, chest pain. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart xxxx. this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no xxxx focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis, xxxx postinfectious/postinflammatory. . .
chest x-xxxx dated xxxx at xxxx hours. xxxx-year-old female, transplant workup. calcified mediastinal xxxx. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none. copd. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
followup consolidation mass. brain metastasis versus abscess. left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful. .
followup consolidation mass. brain metastasis versus abscess. left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most xxxx representing hydropneumothorax. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female xxxx. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. positive ppd the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. no radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis a . .
none xxxx-year-old female with workup for xxxx loss and history tobacco use. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are hyperexpanded. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. chest pain. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized. . 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion. no acute abnormality. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea a large pleural air collection is present on the right. mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. the right lower lobe is totally opaque. large right xxxx pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe. .
none available xxxx-year-old female with syncope heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx. xxxx xxxx-year-old male with history of aids presents with xxxx stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality. stable chest. .
the patient is a xxxx-year-old male admitted for ureteral calculi, renal calculi. examination to assess line position.. right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease, xxxx atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. 1. right subclavian catheter, distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. 2. low lung volumes, with left lower lung atelectasis. . .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with history of endometrial cancer; routine followup. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. 1. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. .
none. clinical altered mental status. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality identified. .
none xxxx-year-old female with xxxx and chest pain cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification. stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema. .
chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. large hiatal hernia. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. large hiatal hernia. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with a history of partial right lung resection presents for evaluation. there is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are xxxx xxxx pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx, on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. right perihilar opacities. no pneumothorax identified. 1. enlarged cardiac silhouette, possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion. 2. mild bibasilar atelectasis and/or infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right greater than left, and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. . .
chest pain. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumothorax, effusion, or pneumonia. .
none xxxx-year-old female with chronic xxxx lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion. no active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old female with history of asthma, preoperative evaluation for back surgery lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. no focal airspace consolidation. 2. mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease. .
none history of rheumatoid arthritis rule out tuberculosis before immunosuppression no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas. .
none history of rheumatoid arthritis rule out tuberculosis before immunosuppression no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
none patient with dyspnea and xxxx consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. bibasilar airspace disease, left worse right. bilateral pleural fluid. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with a history of an elevated xxxx-xxxx. this examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality. .
none available. intracranial hemorrhage the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. 1. low volume study without definite acute process. .
none available. intracranial hemorrhage the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. 1. low volume study without definite acute process. .
possible seizure there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they're stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process. stable cardiomegaly. .
none chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
chest xxxx xxxx-year-old female with chest pain, productive xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease. .
pa and lateral chest from xxxx 73 a xxxx-year-old female follow-up xxxx acquired pneumonia. there is a xxxx airspace opacity in the left upper lung. heart size within normal limits. mild calcification of the aortic xxxx. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. xxxx airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia. .
none xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx onset of chest pain the cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. cardiomegaly with globular appearance of the cardiac silhouette. considerations would include pericardial effusion or dilated cardiomyopathy. .
two-view chest dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with history of right cervical lymphadenopathy.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
two-view chest dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with history of right cervical lymphadenopathy.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with history of cirrhosis, sbp, fevers. calcified lymph xxxx in both xxxx. xxxx amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. 1. focal atelectasis to the left lung, posterior to the heart. .
none. chest pain cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
chest x-xxxx dated xxxx xxxx-year-old with history of testicular cancer, evaluate for recurrence. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain the lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the right costophrenic xxxx. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. findings of copd with right costophrenic xxxx focal atelectasis. .
none. chest xxxx xxxx reads screening- bacterial dis, pt does not xxxx xxxx, unable to obtain history normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx, rib pain. no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothorax. small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute osseous abnormalities. if continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. left midlung, and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis. .
ct chest xxxx, xxxx, chest x-xxxx xxxx xxxx-year-old female with xxxx onset, xxxx with wheezing in bilateral lung xxxx. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance xxxx compared to the previous examinations. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available chest pain no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, hypertension, chest pain normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest xxxx xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. there is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. no pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. . .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with chest and left arm pain. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. normal chest radiograph. .
xxxx-year-old male, assault the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx. bladder cancer. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no non-calcified nodules are identified. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, chest pain stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. xxxx mild streaky opacities in the left base, atelectasis versus infiltrate. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
chest pain 3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. this most xxxx due to old histoplasmosis. heart size is normal. lungs clear .
chest pain 3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. this most xxxx due to old histoplasmosis. heart size is normal. lungs clear .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with left-sided chest pain, xxxx.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with history of xxxx for 3 days, questionable blood in sputum. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities xxxx from old xxxx. xxxx of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable. 1. changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. 2. unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta. .
none. chest pain for 3-4 days, now shortness of breath heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. borderline cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable exam. .
xxxx-year-old male, xxxx heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old, rule out neck abscess. the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical xxxx overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
chest pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none. xxxx-year-old with osteoarthritis of the hip scheduled for total hip replacement. preoperative evaluation. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. the aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. there is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. there are severe degenerative changes of the xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
no prior shortness of breath, xxxx inhalation the aortic xxxx, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
ct chest xxxx, chest x-xxxx xxxx. chest x-xxxx xxxx. xxxx there is a left-sided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx, xxxx to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs. 1. left picc tip at cavoatrial junction. 2. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ct chest xxxx, chest x-xxxx xxxx. chest x-xxxx xxxx. xxxx there is a left-sided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left xxxx, xxxx to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs. 1. left picc tip at cavoatrial junction. 2. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain.. interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, xxxx intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis and/or infiltrate. no xxxx focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality. stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis. .
none. dyspnea. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
xxxx. status post right total knee arthroplasty exam is technically limited by patient's body habitus. lung volumes are decreased. no evidence of acute airspace disease, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is stable. .
no comparison studies are currently available. preoperative evaluation for internal fixation of ankle fracture. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx-year-old male with history of femoral artery aneurysm, preoperative evaluation. the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute findings. .
none. pre-op pre op bladder xxxx. non xxxx. no chest complaints. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of metastasis. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. low lung volumes, otherwise clear. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. right lateral/mid chest wall pain. there is 1.9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proximal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. xxxx left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 1. left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. 2. similar-appearing left midlung scarring. .
xxxx cp xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx cp xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx. chest pain. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote xxxx is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx shortness of breath patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary xxxx, xxxx a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. borderline cardiac enlargement. tracheostomy tube tip 6.4 cm above the carina. .
xxxx, xxxx dizziness for xxxx few months the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none available. gunshot wound, xxxx one the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothorax. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat xxxx represents projectile fragment.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. pancreatic mass. evaluate for xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest. .
none sob both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast implants. no active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
ct of the chest with contrast xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patient's previous chest ct and are xxxx the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. evidence of prior granulomatous disease, stable. no acute abnormality. .
chest radiograph xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. history of cancer. left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction. left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. small left pleural effusion. .
chest radiograph xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. history of cancer. left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic xxxx on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction. left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. small left pleural effusion. .
none melanoma heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain normal heart size. clear lungs. multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction. no acute process. .
none. xxxx-year-old with left lateral chest wall contusion. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal xxxx atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none xxxx-year-old female, xxxx, pain all over heart size within normal limits, minimal aortic ectasia/tortuosity. abnormal interstitial pattern, nonspecific in appearance with xxxx differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease, infectious, inflammatory process, atypical pulmonary edema. not highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration. chronic appearing contour deformity of the distal right clavicle suggests old injury. no definite pleural effusion seen, no pneumothorax. .
11/7/ xxxx chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
testicular carcinoma. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
two-view chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female shortness of breath and bilateral lower extremity edema. mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis. chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of xxxx. there is stable cardiomegaly. aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are multiple pleural calcifications xxxx representing prior asbestos exposure. these appear unchanged. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or xxxx focal airspace consolidation. 1. cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. hyperlipidemia. chest xxxx. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none. hyperlipidemia. chest xxxx. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx ramicade therapy; evaluate for tuberculosis the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are present. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact. no active disease. .
sob no active disease. .
single view of the chest dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx. compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified. significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above. .
chest radiograph xxxx xxxx-year-old xxxx with history of lung cancer, status post surgery. carcinoid tumor. there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. no acute findings. .
chest radiograph xxxx xxxx-year-old xxxx with history of lung cancer, status post surgery. carcinoid tumor. there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. no acute findings. .
xxxx wheezing there is xxxx opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx opacity left lung base.. .
none available chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung xxxx are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
two view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable xxxx foreign body over the left breast (xxxx nipple piercing). visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis. emphysema. no acute pulmonary findings. .
none available xxxx-year-old male, xxxx normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chf and shortness of breath. there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. this was not present on the recent prior study. there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there is a prosthetic valve. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. 1. focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. 2. mild pulmonary vascular congestion. .
none. xxxx. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none. xxxx. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
no prior chest pain cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic xxxx, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none xxxx-year-old male, xxxx mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits. prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. clinical correlation is recommended. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
chest radiograph xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male with xxxx the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. a tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. the lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with emphysema. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old with xxxx. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx-year-old male with history of copd. the lungs are hyperexpanded. there are stable scattered xxxx bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine. 1. no acute findings. 2. emphysema. 3. scattered xxxx of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe. .
xxxx. mva today. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures. no acute thoracic xxxx. .
xxxx. mva today. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures. no acute thoracic xxxx. .
dyspnea xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. bilateral nipple shadows. right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. xxxx overlies the common bile duct. .
xxxx. hypertension. adrenal tumor. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx are present. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old female with wheezing, xxxx, xxxx.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman, 8-1/2 months pregnant, with dyspnea and chest pain. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased xxxx opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, xxxx in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothorax or effusion identified. minimal right basilar airspace disease, xxxx right middle lobe. .
none. xxxx cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal xxxx, xxxx atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx are grossly intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. preop xxxx cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
none. preop xxxx cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain in the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also, anterior segment xxxx opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal. developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with shortness of breath. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ct thorax and chest radiograph from xxxx and xxxx, respectively. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam. .
none cp lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis. .
none cp lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis. .
none. xxxx. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. lung cancer ill-defined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual mass/nodularity seen xxxx scan from xxxx. well-expanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
xxxx, xxxx. left chest, shoulder and midback pain. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are xxxx spine marginal osteophytes. stable chest. no acute disease process identified. .
none. chest pain, shortness of breath the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
dyspnea on exertion. the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. hyperexpanded lungs. the pattern suggests emphysema. 2. no evidence of acute disease. .
dyspnea on exertion. the lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. hyperexpanded lungs. the pattern suggests emphysema. 2. no evidence of acute disease. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest tightness. there is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable. changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest tightness. there is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable. changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none preop right breast surgery the heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. tortuous aorta, otherwise unremarkable exam. .
none available xxxx-year-old male with chest pain low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. clear lungs. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx with h/o dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx with h/o dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
two-view chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with productive xxxx. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal clips are unchanged. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are unchanged. no xxxx consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. no interval change. .
chest x-xxxx, 2 views from xxxx. pre op and findings of dvt the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with productive xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
none xxxx-year-old female, preoperative evaluation for hysterectomy there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old female, preoperative evaluation for hysterectomy there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease. .
none. xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
chest x-xxxx, 2 views from xxxx. dyspnea the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. there are no acute infiltrates, effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. normal chest x-xxxx .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with dyspnea. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx and hyperglycemia. the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes xxxx xxxx atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx and hyperglycemia. the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes xxxx xxxx atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . .
none. possible tuberculosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis .
xxxx, xxxx. please evaluate for evidence of active tb (for supportive housing placement) the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
chest x-xxxx 11//15/xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of xxxx cell disease, pain. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. pa/lat cxr,490 bronchitis unspecified stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most xxxx representing chronic inflammatory change. also some peripheral xxxx fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. no xxxx acute airspace consolidation. stable mediastinal contour. .
none. xxxx-year-old female chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. continued exacerbations lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. followup sarcoidosis hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior xxxx. xxxx opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. no acute airspace disease or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
none preop knee surgery the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old male with xxxx and hypertension. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none preop for cholecystectomy, history of xxxx apnea the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear. no acute disease. .
none. xxxx, right sided rib pain after falling on the xxxx. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process. no obvious rib fractures. . .
none kidney transplant xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx shortness of breath normal heart size and mediastinal contour. atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic xxxx. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable biapical lucency and apical scarring, consistent with emphysema. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none history of tobacco use; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none history of tobacco use; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
preop bladder and kidney surgery. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are surgical clips in the right axilla region. no active disease. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx, xxxx. this is a xxxx-year-old female patient with shortness of breath. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear clear. the osseous structures are within normal limits. .
none. clinical xxxx for one xxxx. 2 images. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. otherwise, the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. critical result notification documented through primordial. 7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. recommend followup characterization with xxxx. .
none. pre-op evaluation, xxxx surgery. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. multiple xxxx-filled loops of bowel are present. gastrostomy is noted. 1. clear lungs. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, chronic xxxx normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable, mild dextro curvature of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
xxxx-year-old female, chest pain, short of breath heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings .
xxxx. xxxx and congestion for 3 weeks. heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging. no acute changes from prior imaging. .
none. xxxx-year-old male involved in atv rollover xxxx. normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body xxxx. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female with history of myelomeningocele, now presenting with xxxx and chest pain the lung volumes are low. however as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal xxxx. the tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position. low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally, xxxx infectious etiology. .
xxxx-year-old female with increased xxxx. intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx. stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph xxxx and left basilar calcified granuloma. relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. the negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. 1. stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which xxxx represent atelectasis. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. increased interstitial opacities.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx. increased interstitial opacities.. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion. .
none ,786.2 xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted. no acute disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, preoperative assessment for total knee arthroplasty. chest: the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee: there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee: there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the xxxx of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation. chest: no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right knee: severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. left knee: severe medial compartment degenerative changes. .
tuberculosis positive ppd heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx question hypertension. .
tuberculosis positive ppd heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx question hypertension. .
tuberculosis positive ppd heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic xxxx question hypertension. .
none. pain, pedestrian xxxx 2 xxxx ago. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is no definite evidence of acute fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
xxxx. sarcoidosis. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. 1. continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. stable as compared to earlier study. the changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. .
xxxx. sarcoidosis. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. 1. continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. stable as compared to earlier study. the changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. .
chest pain no active disease. .
none. copd. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
portable chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female dyspnea. heart size is stable. there is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper lobe pneumonia. .
none. xxxx year old kicked in the right lower side by a xxxx. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented xxxx lucency through the posterior right 12th rib. acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib, concerning for acute fracture. recommend correlation with side of xxxx tenderness. no other fractures are xxxx identified. if there is high clinical concern, recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs. .
two views of the chest from xxxx from xxxx. xxxx year old female with xxxx. heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest. . .
none xxxx-year-old male, out of of meds, chest pain heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. hyperinflated lungs with xxxx left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without heart failure. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. mild cardiomegaly without heart failure. .
none. clinical xxxx. mvc. 2 images. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 2.0 cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called xxxx. xxxx xxxx p.m. xxxx, xxxx. small to moderate right apical pneumothorax. .
none. clinical xxxx. mvc. 2 images. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 2.0 cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called xxxx. xxxx xxxx p.m. xxxx, xxxx. small to moderate right apical pneumothorax. .
xxxx since last xxxx there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none xxxx and dyspnea for 3 weeks heart size normal. right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal chest .
pa and lateral chest radiograph of xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. .
none. pain. lungs are clear. no parenchymal infiltrates. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal .
none. xxxx-year-old male, shortness of breath. reported history of sarcoid. right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothorax. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid. 1. bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left, most xxxx representing acute infectious process. 2. widening of the mediastinum, xxxx secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid, or possibly reactive adenopathy. .
none starting treatment with humira, r/o tb both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none starting treatment with humira, r/o tb both lungs are clear and expanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. xxxx year old with diarrhea and lethargy. there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. osteopenia of the spine is identified. 1. cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. atypical infection is another consideration. .
,786.50 chest pain cxr comparison xxxx, xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with dyspnea the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. chest radiograph. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx. hematemesis; back pain 724.5 chest. both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. xxxx, disc spaces, and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. 1. chest. no active disease. 2. lumbar spine negative. .
xxxx and asthma shortness of breath. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. no active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx rule out pneumonia heart normal. lungs clear. calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma .
ct chest xxxx right-sided pneumothorax the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few xxxx opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle. 1. previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. 2. minimal bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. .
ct chest xxxx right-sided pneumothorax the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few xxxx opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle. 1. previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. 2. minimal bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female status post assault. normal heart size. normal mediastinal contour. no pneumothorax, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. no chest xxxx xxxx. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. .
sob on exertion minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, xxxx atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, xxxx xxxx effusions. 1. minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, xxxx evolving pneumonia or atelectasis 2. xxxx bilateral pleural effusions .
ct chest with contrast xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, mvc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
ct chest with contrast xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, mvc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx, shortness of breath. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. chronic changes of emphysema. no acute findings. . .
xxxx. abdominal pain. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old female, xxxx distress mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax. mildly hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. .
portable chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath. heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx chest pain stable mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. .
none chest pain after xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no evidence of thoracic injury. .
none chest pain after xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. no evidence of thoracic injury. .
comparison xxxx xxxx and xxxx, xxxx. xxxx xxxx stable appearing chest. no acute airspace disease or effusions. stable mediastinal contour. small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic xxxx xxxx a calcified granuloma, was visible on chest x-xxxx from xxxx. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
none chest pain. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially, unchanged. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old female scheduled for right breast surgery, for xxxx cancer diagnosis. history of xxxx. stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx xxxx disease; no comparison chest x-xxxx. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none chest pain the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with shortness of breath and xxxx. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest dated xxxx dyspnea the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior exam. lucencies throughout the chest xxxx representing emphysematous change. scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax. large hiatal hernia, increased from prior exam. 1. increased left hilar fullness. this may represent superimposed xxxx, adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. if there is clinical concern, suggest reference to prior exam or ct chest. 2. large hiatal hernia, increased in size from prior exam. .
none. intermittent back pain x2-3 days, now right-sided chest pain under ribs. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. intermittent back pain x2-3 days, now right-sided chest pain under ribs. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. rib pain, xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote xxxx. no displaced rib fractures on this chest examination. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none available xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. hypoventilated lungs, but no focal consolidation. .
xxxx xxxx. chronic bronchitis with acute acacerbati chronic bronchitis with acute exacerbation there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from xxxx. .
none left lower chest pain with xxxx.r/o pneumonia lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs. .
xxxx hemoptysis the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, abdominal pain and vomiting. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear. .
79 xxxx dyspnea, chest pain comment xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is lingular airspace disease.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. lingular airspace disease which in the setting of xxxx is concerning for pneumonia. .
tb heart size normal. lungs clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. no change from prior exam .
none chest pain lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx-year-old male, xxxx heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
pa and lateral dated xxxx xxxx xxxx female with xxxx, ruq pain. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung xxxx are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. calcified lymph xxxx stable from prior exam. no active disease. .
xxxx. posteriorchest px/back px nonsmoker with posterior midline chest pain with radiating rt back tenderness around level of t8 x 1-2 wks no known xxxx or disease processes normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged. .
none cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx. xxxx, xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few xxxx opacities are present consistent with xxxx xxxx of scarring or atelectasis. 1. a few basilar xxxx of opacity. this may represent scarring or atelectasis. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old xxxx who is expansion shortness of breath, xxxx, chest pain and xxxx. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . .
none. xxxx-year-old female with history of xxxx, mvc. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx with xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx for 4 weeks heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality. . .
none xxxx for 4 weeks heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality. . .
ct thoracic spine xxxx, xxxx; xxxx films of spine xxxx, xxxx . xxxx-year-old female preoperative for spinal surgery xxxx 14, xxxx. no xxxx chest complains. 1. there is cardiomegaly. no pulmonary edema. lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. s-shaped curvature thoracic spine noted. 2. left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 3.8 xxxx xxxx splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not xxxx to be further localized or characterized on xxxx film. vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less xxxx. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old with xxxx. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none 174.6 pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none available xxxx-year-old male with positive ppd. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified xxxx opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. 1. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb. .
none available xxxx-year-old male with positive ppd. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is is a calcified xxxx opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. 1. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of active tb. .
none available. chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. pain after xxxx. confusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. pain after xxxx. confusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, dyspnea. within the right lower lobes there are xxxx airspace opacities xxxx representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality. right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, dyspnea. within the right lower lobes there are xxxx airspace opacities xxxx representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality. right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. .
none preop surgical xxxx for knee surgery the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
portable chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old woman with progressive xxxx loss. history of smoking.. there is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. xxxx opacity in the left xxxx xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality. changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, nausea, vomiting. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. stable left mid lung granuloma. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available dyspnea the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. no xxxx edema. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female status post seizure with shortness of breath and xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified. 1. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. .
none. chest pain. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx-year-old male with palpitations and tachycardia. xxxx xxxx and lateral views of the chest were obtained on xxxx. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. end of report. .
none available this institution. there is an ovoid opacity 3.5 cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view, not well-seen on the lateral view, a dedicated xxxx scan is recommended. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. an ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area, could be projectional or solid mass, further study xxxx is recommended. . .
chest radiograph of xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in xxxx. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ct chest xxxx, xxxx short of breath, left shoulder pain heart size within normal limits. dense mitral annular calcification. tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. no edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated. there is left basilar scarring. no xxxx consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
ct chest xxxx, xxxx short of breath, left shoulder pain heart size within normal limits. dense mitral annular calcification. tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. no edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated. there is left basilar scarring. no xxxx consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx scan xxxx, xxxx. follow up senescent changes with xxxx sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx scan xxxx, xxxx. follow up senescent changes with xxxx sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx scan xxxx, xxxx. follow up senescent changes with xxxx sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
this is a xxxx-year-old male patient with history of testicular carcinoma approximately 12 years ago; nonsmoker. no chest complaints otherwise. icd-9 code is v-10.47. date of exam is xxxx, xxxx. comparison is xxxx to xxxx, xxxx. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. this is essentially unchanged. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable. a few calcified granulomata are noted. no focal infiltrates are seen. no obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. osseous structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable. .
this is a xxxx-year-old male patient with history of testicular carcinoma approximately 12 years ago; nonsmoker. no chest complaints otherwise. icd-9 code is v-10.47. date of exam is xxxx, xxxx. comparison is xxxx to xxxx, xxxx. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. this is essentially unchanged. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable. a few calcified granulomata are noted. no focal infiltrates are seen. no obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. osseous structures appear to be xxxx unremarkable. .
none. polyarticular arthritis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
ct chest xxxx dyspnea, history of pancreatic cancer heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
icd/ppm implant; the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable. small calcified lymph xxxx are seen. dual-xxxx left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. the right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. there are xxxx streaky areas of atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. 1. borderline heart size, stable. 2. interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position. no pneumothorax. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. xxxx. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is xxxx to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx. pa and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy xxxx and myocardial revascularization. cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. there is mild vascular congestion. small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are xxxx. mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with xxxx xxxx bilateral effusions. constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure. .
vomiting beginning last xxxx. xxxx there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of xxxx scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
ct abdomen and pelvis xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with xxxx and leukocytosis exam limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder. 1. right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. 2. no definite findings of pneumonia. .
none. chest pain, dyspnea normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. xxxx xxxx female. immunosuppressed. stable scoliosis xxxx. the lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. 1. clear lungs. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. 2. stable scoliosis xxxx. . .
none. the patient is a xxxx-year-old female, preop evaluation. smoking history positive. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
thoracic spine xxxx. choking sensation. 2 images. moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute changes from prior imaging. .
none. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
lung cancer; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. xxxx airspace disease within the left lower lung. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. surgical clips overlying the right breast. xxxx left lower lobe airspace disease. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. xxxx s/p xxxx xxxx. aortic stenosis the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. sternotomy xxxx overlie the heart. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
chest 2 views. xxxx. xxxx s/p xxxx xxxx. aortic stenosis the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. sternotomy xxxx overlie the heart. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
ap portable chest radiograph xxxx; pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the bony structures are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
chest single frontal portable ap xxxx xxxx a.m. xxxx lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chronic xxxx. heart size normal and lungs clear. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old xxxx with dyspnea, xxxx history of pulmonary fibrosis.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from xxxx. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none xxxx-year-old female, xxxx. low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. small right effusion. 1. patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. 2. small right pleural effusion. . .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx-year-old with a xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperexpanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
xxxx. abnormal lung exam. smoking history. normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which xxxx represents healing rib callus. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute abnormality seen. .
xxxx. abnormal lung exam. smoking history. normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which xxxx represents healing rib callus. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute abnormality seen. .
none. left arm, back, shoulder pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available dyspnea and congestion cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. increasing oxygen requirement. nasogastric tube tip xxxx within the stomach body, stable. low lung volumes. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm. stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. cardiomegaly without heart failure. .
none xxxx and wheezing the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old, mva, chest pain there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified. low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no acute abnormality. .
none worsening dyspnea elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge xxxx of a vertebral body. 1. heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. 2. age-indeterminate xxxx deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain dyspnea on exertion lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with chest pain intermittently over the last 2 weeks. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with chest pain intermittently over the last 2 weeks. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
cigarette smoking with xxxx vague 1.5 cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib. further evaluation will require a chest ct. remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no effusion or adenopathy. heart size is normal. .
xxxx. xxxx examination. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
chest radiograph xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, preop evaluation. history of tobacco use. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. stable left subclavian chest xxxx catheter tip in mid svc. lungs are well expanded. calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild xxxx loss of t4 and t7 vertebral bodies. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .
chest x-xxxx, single view pa from xxxx. the patient is a xxxx-year-old woman with hypoxia. there has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. . .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged. mild cardiomegaly. basilar atelectasis. .
tuberculosis positive ppd heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis .
tuberculosis positive ppd heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis .
none available hemoptysis the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
ap chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain, tachycardia the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the xxxx xxxx otherwise grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain, tachycardia the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the xxxx xxxx otherwise grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. scleroderma the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with shortness of breath, xxxx.. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs. .
portable chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, shortness of breath. bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left xxxx. no evidence of pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. 1. interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and xxxx pulmonary opacities again noted, most consistent with atelectasis/infiltrate. 2. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable pulmonary vascular congestion. . .
xxxx xxxx single view of chest was obtained in ap projection. limited study secondary to body habitus. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, chest pain heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings .
pain. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old chest pain. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
followup lung carcinoma. the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no xxxx infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal. bullous disease and upper lobe scars. decreasing right upper lobe cavity. .
none xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. back pain. no injury. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. low lung volumes. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx. epigastric pain the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old male, rule out foreign body. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. negative examination of the chest. .
none. dyspnea. heart size normal. lungs xxxx clear. xxxx xxxx normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
outside chest radiograph earlier xxxx xxxx, fractured femur, preop cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic xxxx. bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. old right rib fractures. 1. mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. very small left pleural effusion. .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. short of breath with acute mental status changes.. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal xxxx opacities within the lung bases, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. no acute pulmonary process. .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. short of breath with acute mental status changes.. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal xxxx opacities within the lung bases, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. no acute pulmonary process. .
status post transplant for end-stage renal disease the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. there is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed. mild blunted right costophrenic xxxx which could be due to xxxx effusion or scarring. .
none. positive tb test heart size and vascularity normal. these contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest. .
xxxx testicular cancer, shielded. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. the lungs are otherwise clear. small right upper lobe nodule, stable. otherwise, no acute disease. .
no prior shortness of breath the aortic xxxx, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. 1. marked cardiomegaly. 2. increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs, edema versus chronic interstitial changes. .
none available xxxx-year-old female with colon sinus symptoms for 3 weeks no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete 1.4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring. 1. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. 1.4 cm right lower lobe nodule, xxxx calcified granulomas disease. if patient high xxxx for pulmonary malignancy, consider cross-sectional imaging to verify. .
preop surgical xxxx from the surgery. some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. probable copd and old granulomatous disease. .
dyspnea 786.09 no active disease. .
xxxx dyspnea heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx dyspnea heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
breast cancer, xxxx r/o xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on xxxx of xxxx. however, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease. vague right upper/mid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures. ct may be warranted given patient's history. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with syncopal episode.. the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are xxxx atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with syncopal episode.. the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are xxxx atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx chest pain stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
dizziness no comparisons. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. status post coronary artery bypass grafting. .
dizziness no comparisons. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. status post coronary artery bypass grafting. .
chest radiograph xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with productive xxxx. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with pain. there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are xxxx-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis. 1. very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. . .
none. xxxx-year-old male with pain. there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are xxxx-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel xxxx pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis. 1. very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. . .
none r/o tb female with ppd the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most xxxx a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no active pulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old male to evaluate for metastatic disease. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx xxxx represents scarring. no pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal. scarring at the lateral costophrenic xxxx. otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality. .
none. dyspnea on exertion. the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations. no acute abnormalities. .
xxxx dyspnea the heart is enlarged. changes of xxxx sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. xxxx right pleural thickening versus xxxx pleural effusion is noted. there is no acute infiltrate. no pneumothorax is seen. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. possible xxxx right pleural effusion. .
none. back pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old chest pain. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal chest exam. .
none. xxxx heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest. .
none. prostatectomy. preop evaluation. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. .
none. prostatectomy. preop evaluation. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. .
xxxx, xxxx followup on reported pneumonia postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. interval postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx followup on reported pneumonia postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. interval postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none malignant neoplasm of thyroid gland the lungs appear clear. there are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. mediastinal contours appear normal. the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest radiograph xxxx xxxx xxxx-year-old xxxx with productive xxxx redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 1. bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. 2. stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female presents for renal pretransplant evaluation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal air is prominent consolidation. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. this is age-indeterminate. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. mild, age-indeterminate wedge xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. .
chest ct xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, preop normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph xxxx/granulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
chest and ankle pain after xxxx. chest. both lungs clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue xxxx is present around the malleoli. xxxx intact. mortise radiographically stable. 1. chest. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. 2. left ankle. soft tissue edema with no visible bony injury. .
none. asthma cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with xxxx b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect xxxx effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx the grossly intact. 1. heart failure with pulmonary edema. .
none. asthma cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with xxxx b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect xxxx effusions. negative for pneumothorax. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx the grossly intact. 1. heart failure with pulmonary edema. .
none bilateral breast cancer the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none morbid obesity; preop renal surgery and colostomy reversal. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx. liver failure. borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen. 1. borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality. .
ct scan of the thorax on xxxx. left rib pain. within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from xxxx. possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. if further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. chest pain. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old with allogenic bone marrow transplant workup. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the right upper extremity picc tip is in the upper svc. surgical clips in the right upper abdomen. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
found unresponsive, comparison xxxx, xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain and shortness of breath for a few weeks. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain and shortness of breath for a few weeks. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old male, history of positive ppd, completed treatment. hiv positive. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. no evidence of active tuberculosis. .
this is a xxxx-year-old xxxx with diarrhea and abdominal pain with history of smoking. negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified. no acute cardiothoracic abnormality. .
passed out last xxxx. dizziness. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, heart palpitations cardiomegaly, aortic ectasia/tortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
chronic airway obstruction. the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph xxxx and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. 1. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx pt with xxxx and difficulty the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also xxxx streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted. 1. cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis. .
none hx of prostate, kidney cancer. copd. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic xxxx are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema. no focal consolidation is seen. mild costophrenic xxxx blunting suggesting xxxx bilateral pleural effusions and/or thickening. no acute infiltrate. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old female with hypotension. low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left abdominal surgical clips. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. .
xxxx-year-old female, infection, xxxx heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest xxxx tip in the low svc. monitoring device artifacts. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute findings .
none patient with suspected colon cancer at xxxx stage lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs. .
none patient with suspected colon cancer at xxxx stage lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs. .
xxxx-year-old male status post cabg. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. 1. scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. decreased from prior radiograph. 2. stable mild cardiomegaly. .
none throat pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none throat pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none available. xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx. cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none available. copd, previous xxxx the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. 1. pulmonary emphysema. 2. large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 3. no suspicious nodules or are identified. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx. the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. cardiomegaly, but no focal consolidation. .
xxxx-year-old female, chest pain streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
chest pain heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. .
chest pain heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. .
cervical spine x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, xxxx. there is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine. left upper lobe opacities, cannot exclude mass lesions. recommend ct chest for further evaluation. .
ct of the chest dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman, xxxx.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in xxxx study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest pain, rectal bleeding lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest pain, rectal bleeding lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
,272.4 hyperlidemia no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
history of breast cancer. heart size is normal. no effusions. xxxx interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. less xxxx on the right lung. this may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. further evaluation may require ct with iv contrast and high-resolution scans. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old female, preop, xxxx.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old female, preop, xxxx.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
short of breath. there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to xxxx. there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous xxxx xxxx which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen. 1. moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. 2. small left pleural effusion appears unchanged. .
short of breath. there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to xxxx. there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous xxxx xxxx which appears accessed. no pneumothorax. scaphoid abdomen. 1. moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. 2. small left pleural effusion appears unchanged. .
xxxx knee pain, preop xxxx pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx xxxx, xxxx. recurrent xxxx lungs are hyperexpanded. no infiltrates or masses. the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. pulmonary xxxx are normal. findings of copd with no acute changes. .
xxxx, xxxx. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. xxxx year old male with chest pain. the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
pa and lateral chest radiograph, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. .
preop inguinal hernia history of laryngeal cancer heart size normal. lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged .
pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx and chest pain. the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. chest pain. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none. xxxx, xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none. xxxx-year-old female. shortness of breath. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. aortic calcifications. hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. no focal pneumonia. .
dyspnea cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none picc line position; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper extremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle xxxx within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, xxxx old injury. no acute disease. left upper extremity pic catheter tip xxxx within left subclavian vein. findings communicated xxxx primordial. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old male, chest pain stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. xxxx opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no definite pleural effusion seen. cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection, inflammation, aspiration .
xxxx, xxxx. abdominal pain. dyspnea. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is xxxx prominent. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is xxxx spine spondylosis. 1. unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. interstitial prominence. maybe due to technical factors. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with hyperosmolar state. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest tightness the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest tightness the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
copd normal heart size. stable position of 2 pacemaker electrodes, with a xxxx tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another xxxx tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. xxxx are unremarkable. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. .
none xxxx-year-old female with asthma. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chest pain. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. .
none. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
2 days prior history xxxx decreasing lung volumes. probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms. .
none chronic xxxx the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion is seen. mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. no acute infiltrate. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
ct chest from 2, 23, xxxx. chest pain. stable postsurgical changes. heart xxxx, mediastinum and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx. indication: dyspnea; admit comments: 424.1, 414.01 status post mediastinal surgery. significantly improved aeration. remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus, more on left than right side, which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. for more detailed evaluation, if clinically indicated, consider decubitus views. no acute air space disease. no pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. .
none. syncope. xxxx attack. normal heart size. clear, hyperaerated lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. xxxx substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none . chest pain the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. 1. right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, xxxx granuloma. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old male, pushed from xxxx, chest pain heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. preop bariatric surgery the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
none. preop bariatric surgery cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings. .
none available xxxx-year-old male with scrotal edema, dyspnea, lower leg edema there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. .
none. xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx and xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest. .
xxxx and xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. unremarkable radiographs of the chest. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. kidney transplant xxxx there is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. there is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium. xxxx and fluid containing density seen adjacent to the heart is stable, most consistent with a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there is stable tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic aorta, with calcification of the aortic xxxx. no pleural effusion, focal airspace disease or pneumothorax. stable exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine, stable anterior wedge deformities of at xxxx 2 thoracic vertebral bodies at the apex of the kyphotic curvature. diffuse osteopenia. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. 2. stable moderate hiatal hernia. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath hypoxia. low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx and xxxx. chest pain. vomiting and diarrhea. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. xxxx and xxxx. chest pain. vomiting and diarrhea. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx at xxxx. xxxx year old male status post cardiac defibrillator device placement presents for evaluation. a cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single xxxx projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, unchanged. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. . .
two-view chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus excavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx xxxx the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is xxxx minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal. 1. vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral xxxx, xxxx from prior study. although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density, a xxxx sclerotic focus within the thoracic xxxx cannot be excluded. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone. .
none xxxx-year-old male, pain heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process. borderline heart size, no acute pulmonary findings .
xxxx esophageal cancer the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. there is no pneumothorax. stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis. .
none available xxxx-year-old female, chest pain there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are xxxx due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm. 1. marked cardiomegaly. 2. low lung volumes. .
none available xxxx-year-old female, chest pain there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prominent interstitial markings are xxxx due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm. 1. marked cardiomegaly. 2. low lung volumes. .
xxxx. muscle weakness. the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx. muscle weakness. the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none. sensation of food xxxx in throat. choking sensation. 3 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none xxxx-year-old female with xxxx, xxxx, dyspnea calcified left hilar lymph node. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
dyspnea. 2 images. calcified granuloma, right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. xxxx-year-old complaining of left arm numbness for 2 weeks. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is anterior fusion xxxx at the cervicothoracic junction. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe l1 xxxx deformity. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx-year-old male, pain, history of surgery heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. improved lung volumes, xxxx left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx pleural pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx pleural pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. hypertension lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. there are advanced degenerative changes in the xxxx bilaterally. there is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1a margins. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. considering the associated degenerative changes, a large geode is most xxxx. if further imaging is desired, dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization. .
portable chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, preoperative evaluation. calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison xxxx, xxxx secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none xxxx-year-old male, xxxx. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
persistent xxxx xxxx heart size is normal and lungs are clear. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine .
none. chest pain. concern for pneumothorax. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. specifically, no pneumothorax. 2. fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate. .
xxxx xxxx xxxx steps, left posterior rib pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx xxxx xxxx steps, left posterior rib pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female involved in xxxx vehicle collision. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
ct urogram xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with hypertension. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. there are calcified right hilar granulomas. there is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none roomate sts pt has been in xxxx for 3 days. pt hasn't been eating or drinking anything for 3 days. no energy. +vomiting and diarrhea. xxxx abdominal px. xxxx,high xxxx lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx loss. atypical tuberculosis infection heart size is normal and lungs are clear. .
xxxx loss. atypical tuberculosis infection heart size is normal and lungs are clear. .
chest pain normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
status post assault. altered mental status and upper thoracic hematoma there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures appear intact. low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. there is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx, hypertension. there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx. the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings. cardiomegaly which appears xxxx from xxxx with probable mild pulmonary edema. . .
none xxxx with low-grade xxxx and midback pain x2 weeks. heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. 1. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen. .
,486 there is xxxx airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the right lower lobe pneumonia .
none. xxxx-year-old female. extremity tingling. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. stabbing right upper abdominal pain the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx, edema in xxxx heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx. stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. no active airspace disease/infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified granuloma right upper lobe. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest radiograph 2 views xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, dyspnea heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. stable emphysematous changes. 2. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. .
chest radiograph 2 views xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, dyspnea heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. stable emphysematous changes. 2. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. .
c7 2.83 allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits. .
c7 2.83 allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits. .
none xxxx x 2 xxxx; skin cancer the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. xxxx scarring is noted in the lingula. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old with pain. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine. multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine. multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of renal cancer. three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of renal cancer. three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
persistent xxxx. heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no effusions. .
none syncope. there is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. no overt edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. .
xxxx xxxx aml/bone marrow transplant workup lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis. clear lungs. .
xxxx. xxxx and hypoxia. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx year old with chest pain. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none hypoxia. soft tissue neck. the airway is xxxx. no laryngeal edema. laryngeal xxxx intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting is present. 1. soft tissue neck negative. 2. chest. heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion. .
none xxxx the heart is slightly large. pulmonary xxxx are normal. no infiltrates. slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia. .
shortness of breath. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
shortness of breath. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none available chest pain normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
abdomen ct xxxx. chronic xxxx and diminished breath sounds; bilateral knee pain. chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart size normal. a calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not xxxx since the abdomen ct. left and right knees. xxxx, xxxx spaces, and soft tissues are normal. 1. chest. no active disease. 2. left and right knees negative. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
hypertension cigarette smoking history of xxxx disease. heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia, edema, or effusions. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. preoperative chest x-xxxx. left wrist fracture. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right perihilar/midlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral xxxx fracture. 1. no focal air space consolidation. 2. nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. xxxx chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted. .
xxxx coughing pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. 1. low lung volumes with mild crowding. .
xxxx coughing pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. 1. low lung volumes with mild crowding. .
history of adenopathy in the xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx unchanged. old xxxx fracture deformity of approximately t6. .
none chest pain and xxxx symptoms heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. normal chest. .
none. preop organ prolapse surgery cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild prominence left hilar contour. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings. .
xxxx-year-old female, pain heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm elevation with xxxx xxxx density near the right costophrenic xxxx most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
none pain with xxxx in the chest for one xxxx the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none, correlation with xxxx xxxx xxxx-year-old female, pain, difficulty breathing heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the xxxx from xxxx, xxxx xxxx noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no acute cardiopulmonary findings .
xxxx chest pain the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy xxxx again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx persistent xxxx, nonsmoker heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none preop evaluation the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease. .
none preop evaluation the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease. .
chest 2 views, xxxx at 23: 56 xxxx-year-old female with two-xxxx history of xxxx cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. 1. no active disease. .
chest 2 views, xxxx at 23: 56 xxxx-year-old female with two-xxxx history of xxxx cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. 1. no active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea for one xxxx. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
ap chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with xxxx and shortness of breath. the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary xxxx suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the right-sided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic xxxx blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothorax. moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male presents for preoperative evaluation. there is prominence of the right heart xxxx, consistent with right atrial enlargement. a xxxx density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19/33. 1. right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. . .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. testis cancer right apical scarring as before. right midlung granuloma. no suspicious appearing nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. xxxx-year-old with hypertension and xxxx for one xxxx. heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is right basilar air space opacity. right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs in 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old with hypertension and xxxx for one xxxx. heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is right basilar air space opacity. right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. followup radiographs in 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. .
difficulty breathing. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma is present in the right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. in the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. this was not present on the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. 1. ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. this may represent pleural based process. the exact xxxx is unclear. followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability. .
none. history of sarcoidosis with pretibial lesion lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with cabg. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. clear lungs .
chest 2 views from xxxx, xxxx chest pain with dyspnea heart size is enlarged. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx xxxx old pleural scar. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. a left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. there is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the xxxx. 1. cardiomegaly without failure 2. ectatic aorta .
xxxx, xxxx asthma the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
xxxx xxxx the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx copd, asthma, cancer stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis. stable appearance of the chest, see above. .
none syncope heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. no acute abnormality. . .
none. xxxx-year-old with difficulty breathing. feels like she has choking. xxxx xxxx. throat pain. nonsmoker. shortness of breath. chest. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue xxxx. the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses. soft tissue neck. small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx xxxx normal cardiomediastinal contours. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. chest pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none available. xxxx-year-old xxxx, edema. the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. borderline heart size. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. 786.2, 30yof with xxxx lungs appear hyperinflated. this may be secondary to xxxx voluntary xxxx considering patient's age. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none positive ppd the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx, history of renal transplant normal heart size. diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. heart is not enlarged. xxxx are unremarkable. compared to xxxx, there are xxxx extensive bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities, concerning for atypical infection. result notification xxxx primordial. . .
none available. xxxx-year-old female status post xxxx downstairs with left hip pain. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. the visualized bony structures appear intact. there is a xxxx radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is xxxx external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. scattered calcified granulomas. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no fracture visualized. .
none xxxx xxxx and chills for one xxxx. chest pressure. heart size is upper normal. tortuous and calcified aorta. no edema. bandlike left base and lingular opacities xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
comparison is xxxx to chest repeat examination dated xxxx. xxxx year-old female with headache an chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe. 1. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. . .
none. preoperative exam for bariatric surgery. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings. .
none. preoperative exam for bariatric surgery. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old xxxx with dyspnea. the lungs are without focal air space opacity. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest 2 view dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac contour is within normal limits. compared to prior exam, there is xxxx prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. this may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. xxxx prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. .
xxxx dyspnea pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease. .
none dyspnea xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. no acute lung infiltrates. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
head neck cancer the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
,174.9 breast cancer. xxxx xxxx. comparison xxxx, xxxx. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
none. pre- bone marrow transplant xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
shortness of breath there is stable cavity in the right apex, xxxx related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperexpansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. right upper lobe cavity, consistent with prior tuberculous infection. there is increased right upper lobe opacities xxxx compared to the prior study. this could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection. .
shortness of breath there is stable cavity in the right apex, xxxx related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperexpansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothorax. right upper lobe cavity, consistent with prior tuberculous infection. there is increased right upper lobe opacities xxxx compared to the prior study. this could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection. .
none. chest pain. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent xxxx on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx preop bariatric surgery the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx xxxx in bathtub the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures. 1. hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx-year-old male, pain stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings .
none xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none multiple myeloma, preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant there is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. there is xxxx deformity of the 8th vertebral body. these bony lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none indication: pain; coming to xray xxxx scan. the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none. syncope. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
ct chest xxxx. xxxx onset of substernal chest pain. xxxx for one year. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
persistent xxxx. cigarette use heart size normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions or fibrosis .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. back pain, xxxx. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx icd 9 code 786.51, intermittent left chest pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process .
cll xxxx up; comparison xxxx, xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
none. bone marrow transplant xxxx evaluation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present. no evidence of active disease. .
none. dyspnea; shortness of breath for 4 weeks. bilateral leg xxxx for one xxxx. patient on 2 liters of oxygen at home. patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic xxxx study from xxxx as well. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with copd. heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with chest pain on and xxxx since having stent placed last xxxx. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx vehicle collision, rib fracture, pneumothorax there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the xxxx chest comparison. 1. probable xxxx residual left pneumothorax. 2. stable streaky left basilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis. .
none available. preoperative, knee surgery. there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one xxxx margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are t-spine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx there approximately 4.8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. this is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. a ct of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. critical result notification documented through primordial. .
none available. preoperative, knee surgery. there is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one xxxx margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are t-spine osteophytes. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx there approximately 4.8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. this is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. a ct of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. critical result notification documented through primordial. .
chest pain. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
ct chest xxxx shortness of breath the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. impression: exam: chest 2v frontal/lateral date: xxxx, xxxx xxxx pm comparison: ct chest xxxx history: shortness of breath findings: the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified. impression: hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. .
none. xxxx-year-old with xxxx and low-grade temperature. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none. shortness of breath; the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none history of immunodeficiency syndrome with shortness of breath lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with syncope and xxxx.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
no comparison studies are currently available. chest pain. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. persistent xxxx. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease.. .
xxxx. chest pain. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. interval cabg. .
xxxx. chest pain. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. interval cabg. .
none. clinical dizziness. 3 images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old left clavicle fracture noted. no acute abnormality identified. .
none xxxx-year-old female with xxxx, chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none. chest pain. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. .
portable chest xxxx, xxxx xxxx hours xxxx-year-old female, chest tube removal. interval removal of left-sided chest tube. small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 0.9 cm from the thoracic apex. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ct chest xxxx xxxx copd, xxxx; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable xxxx bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on xxxx examination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. xxxx lingular scarring and/or atelectasis. no acute disease. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes within the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none xxxx xxxx heart size normal. sternotomy and bypass grafting. lungs are clear. no effusions, edema, or pneumonia. .
none xxxx xxxx heart size normal. sternotomy and bypass grafting. lungs are clear. no effusions, edema, or pneumonia. .
none. pain both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. pain both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old from xxxx xxxx with clubbing of the xxxx. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx. the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. no acute bony abnormalities. no effusion or infiltrate. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. 1. hyperexpanded lungs. 2. otherwise normal chest x-xxxx. .
radiograph from xxxx. chest pain. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx, acute mental status changes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a xxxx-a-xxxx terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, xxxx old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings. . .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain and shortness of breath.. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. however, there is a 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, there is xxxx large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. followup xxxx radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit. .
none. xxxx, wheezing, xxxx. low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothorax. heart size is normal. stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx headache, xxxx, and congestion. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
xxxx, xxxx. shortness of breath. there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings. chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . .
xxxx, xxxx. shortness of breath. there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings. chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . .
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx xxxx normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest xxxx with the tip in the superior xxxx xxxx. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified. chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
ct the chest dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx, right lower lobe rales.. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with history of hemoptysis for the xxxx 2.5 hours. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none seizure and xxxx mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. head bleed. there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. 1. right upper lobe opacity. without comparisons, this may represent a focal area of infection/pneumonia. however, correlation should be xxxx for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance. if discordant from clinical suspicion, or does not resolve on follow up imaging, consider further evaluation with xxxx scan. 2. enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest pain the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest radiograph xxxx xxxx-year-old male with asthma heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. the trachea and xxxx pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable. normal chest radiograph. .
none. preop right knee total knee replacement heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. tortuous aorta, cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. .
xxxx cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is left-sided xxxx central line with a xxxx lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothorax. 1. left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. xxxx right effusion is also present. 2. cardiomegaly without overt edema. .
none. clinical xxxx. 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings. 1. large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. 2. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. .
none. clinical xxxx. 4 images. there is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. at the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings. 1. large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. 2. airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. possible apical cavitation. tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
none xxxx-year-old female, dyspnea exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. considering technical factors heart size xxxx at xxxx mildly enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx onset of chest pain. mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar xxxx opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. sclerosis of the humeral xxxx bilateral, xxxx from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones. 1. right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. 2. stigmata of xxxx cell disease. 3. cholelithiasis. .
none. xxxx, dyspnea mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx, dyspnea mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. shortness of breath. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. shortness of breath. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. shortness of breath. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old with xxxx, vomiting 1. xxxx 1.9 xxxx left midlung nodule without xxxx benign calcification. ct of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. 2. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. normal vascularity. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. critical results discussed xxxx. xxxx at the time of interpretation, xxxx, xxxx xxxx hours xxxx telephone. .
none. acute mental status changes. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. there is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. heart is xxxx within normal limits for low lung volumes and ap technique. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. low lung volume exam. otherwise, no acute findings. . .
portable chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with abdominal pain, cramping, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dehydration. chest pain and shortness of breath.. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx hemopytosis stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted. .
xxxx hemopytosis stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted. .
xxxx, xxxx. palpitation the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. no pleural air collections. heart and mediastinum normal. a vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly. no active disease. no evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described. .
kidney transplant evaluation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease. .
chest xxxx xxxx-year-old male, lightheaded. diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable.. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx, xxxx possible syncopal episode the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. .
portable chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, mediastinal germ cell tumor, surgery on mediastinum last xxxx. right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy xxxx. left base opacities again noted, stable. there is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine. 1. left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. 2. stable left base opacities, xxxx scarring or atelectasis. 2. postsurgical changes as above. . .
none xxxx vehicle xxxx 2 xxxx ago lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. question of posterior 10 rib fracture, correlate with xxxx tenderness. .
at xxxx xxxx pleural effusion seen on xxxx; 1. low lung volumes 2. patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study 3. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx suggestive of small pleural effusions. this is seen xxxx in the posterior costophrenic recesses 4. esophagogastric to the in xxxx, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. previously noted left-sided picc line has been removed. .
at xxxx xxxx pleural effusion seen on xxxx; 1. low lung volumes 2. patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study 3. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx suggestive of small pleural effusions. this is seen xxxx in the posterior costophrenic recesses 4. esophagogastric to the in xxxx, the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. previously noted left-sided picc line has been removed. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx hypertension; pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx hypertension; pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
productive xxxx. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance. no acute pulmonary disease. .
productive xxxx. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance. no acute pulmonary disease. .
dyspnea heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma. .
xxxx xxxx and chest pain the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest radiograph xxxx xxxx-year-old female with arthritis and dyspnea no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. chest pain, renal failure. anterior chest pain. dehydrated, etoh. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none. rule out pneumonia/xxxx. normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx chest, xxxx abdominal ct. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with abdominal pain, question of small bowel obstruction. xxxx onset xxxx and wheezing in bilateral lung xxxx. chest. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. abdomen. no pneumoperitoneum. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. no abnormally dilated small bowel loops. no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. no pathologic calcifications xxxx over the abdomen or pelvis. xxxx xxxx are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam. chest. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. abdomen. 1. no acute intra-abdominal process. negative for obstruction. .
none. xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
none. xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
xxxx productive xxxx heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study, no xxxx infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx productive xxxx heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study, no xxxx infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .
history of histoplasmosis xxxx on tnf - xxxx xxxx - xxxx xxxx no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
history of histoplasmosis xxxx on tnf - xxxx xxxx - xxxx xxxx no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none left midaxillary line pain the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute disease. .
none pt is a xxxx who presents with fatigue overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. .
none pt is a xxxx who presents with fatigue overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female status post pacemaker placement pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure. stable pacemaker generator within the left chest with 2 distal leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle, also in stable position. no pneumothorax. .
xxxx xxxx, heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no xxxx acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx 64 female, shortness of breath normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx-year-old male, pain lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. 1. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. 2. question mild right atrial enlargement, no findings to suggest pulmonary edema. .
xxxx and chest pain starting yesterday the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none. positive tb skin test. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx. rule out tb for instance the placement. stable left lower lung xxxx calcified granuloma. otherwise lungs are clear. left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. no xxxx of the pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. no xxxx of active tuberculosis. .
chills xxxx xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. right lower lobe pneumonia. consider followup radiograph to document resolution. . .
chills xxxx xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. right lower lobe pneumonia. consider followup radiograph to document resolution. . .
none. assault. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx hypoxemia again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine. stable borderline cardiac enlargement. in the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. the be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. no significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine. underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base, probably mostly atelectasis. it would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. no pleural effusion. .
none xxxx low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. bandlike opacities in the right lung. appearance xxxx atelectasis. .
chest pain and shortness of breath x1 hour. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of 3 images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is xxxx xxxx atelectasis. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified right infrahilar lymph xxxx again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion xxxx. lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none xxxx h/o sarcoma. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none available xxxx-year-old male, dyspnea mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. mild cardiomegaly. 2. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none chest pain, dyspnea lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. findings of copd. no acute findings. .
none chest pain, dyspnea lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. findings of copd. no acute findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old with hemoptysis. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old with hemoptysis. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx, rule out pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. there is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine. 1. xxxx right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. 2. multiple right-sided rib fractures involving at xxxx the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. 3. mild right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus contusion. . .
chest radiograph xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male with chest pain the heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable. 1. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
altered mental status. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia or effusion. no nodules or masses. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, bone marrow transplant workup. productive xxxx for one xxxx. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted. 1. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. scoliotic curvature of the spine with xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, bone marrow transplant workup. productive xxxx for one xxxx. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted. 1. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. scoliotic curvature of the spine with xxxx deformity of the t9 vertebral body. .
chest x-xxxx of xxxx ecf placement. no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
chest x-xxxx of xxxx ecf placement. no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and xxxx reflects granuloma. .
xxxx xxxx bmt w/u lab; comparison xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
xxxx xxxx bmt w/u lab; comparison xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
none. history of xxxx. increasing right lower extremity pain. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. there is an the right base xxxx/fluid level. the left lung is clear. 1. right-sided small pleural effusion. 2. right base xxxx/fluid level. atypical location for a hiatal hernia. cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. correlation xxxx scan recommended. does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema. .
xxxx metastatic testicular cancer the heart is normal in size. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable. there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. there is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward xxxx deviation. no acute infiltrate is appreciated. 1. stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild right-sided loculation. 2. stable appearance of right apical thickening/atelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. suggest clinical correlation. .
none vomiting and xxxx, xxxx, chest pain for one xxxx. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
chest radiograph from xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. otherwise, there is no focal opacity. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. visualized osseous structures unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none xxxx, xxxx, dyspnea the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest . .
none xxxx, xxxx, dyspnea the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest . .
none. xxxx, xxxx on anterior midline chest for one knee are heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. if there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax, xxxx. .
xxxx removed right-sided of face the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none indication: evaluate for metastatic disease; the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none indication: evaluate for metastatic disease; the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
yesterday followup pneumothorax persistent 8mm pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion. heart size normal. enteric tube tip in the stomach. midline abdominal clips. xxxx in the right upper quadrant. bullet overlies l3. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures intact. no acute abnormality. low volumes xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please xxxx. xxxx xxxx, xxxx certified radiologist, at xxxx. . .
xxxx positive ppd the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx positive ppd the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none. female with history of xxxx one, gunshot wound to chest. there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. xxxx shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round xxxx bullet overlying the t10 vertebral body. xxxx density is seen within the right lower lobe xxxx representing hemorrhage. there is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. there is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal. 1. moderate right-sided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. 2. probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. 3. endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. .
none. indication: hypertension; pt to have tumor removed from head/neck. no chest complaints. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx's disease. chronic fatigue syndrome. central chest pain. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx's disease. chronic fatigue syndrome. central chest pain. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
pa lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, congestion. calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx, pre-op the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note xxxx of placement of a retention xxxx in the lower cervical spine. no active disease. .
none. chest pain, feels out of it. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
productive xxxx xxxx/xxxx. minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax. .
none cig xxxx and wt loss three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. the largest measures 3.5 mm in diameter. another nodule is present near the right hilum. it is approximately 2 cm in diameter. the xxxx and mediastinum appear normal. heart size normal. multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. further workup could be initiated with contrasted ct of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis. dr. xxxx xxxx i discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately xxxx hours xxxx, xxxx. .
none fatigue, weakness, anterior chest pain cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none fatigue, weakness, anterior chest pain cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman screening for assisted living facility. heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence xxxx represents tortuous xxxx. xxxx lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. 2. low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease, xxxx atelectasis. 3. right paratracheal prominence xxxx represents tortuous xxxx. comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available. . .
none chest pain, assault normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. the lung volumes. low lung volumes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx upper back pain xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none. chronic xxxx cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
ct chest outside institution : hch mvc, leukocytosis, productive xxxx. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax . xxxx right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic xxxx. there is a xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is xxxx alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine. 1. cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. xxxx right medial basilar airspace disease. 3. left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. .
ct chest outside institution : hch mvc, leukocytosis, productive xxxx. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothorax . xxxx right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic xxxx. there is a xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is xxxx alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine. 1. cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. xxxx right medial basilar airspace disease. 3. left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx to inside of cheek, shortness of breath. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. mildly low lung volumes with xxxx atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. .
history of dyspnea heart size is normal. lungs are clear of pneumonia. patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs. .
history of dyspnea heart size is normal. lungs are clear of pneumonia. patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs. .
increasing shortness of breath and xxxx the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine. no acute pulmonary disease. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with presyncope. there is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. stable mediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. scattered xxxx opacities in the right lung base xxxx representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with dish. 1. low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities. .
xxxx-year-old female with copd exacerbation. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
portable chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, pregnant. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx chest pain and dizziness the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx, xxxx vehicle xxxx 2 xxxx ago normal cardiomediastinal contours. marrow pneumothorax, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none chest pain and bilateral hand numbness. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx in the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic xxxx blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal. left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. associated right pleural effusion. .
none. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
tuberculosis positive ppd in the xxxx. patient is" allergic"' to ppd serum heart size or great lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end. .
tuberculosis positive ppd in the xxxx. patient is" allergic"' to ppd serum heart size or great lungs are clear. calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end. .
xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with right upper quadrant pain, frequent xxxx, possible rib fracture.. redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. dense appearing, may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. xxxx. limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. however, no evidence for displaced rib fracture. 1. left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated, appears dense, may be granulomatous, if desired one may consider ct for further characterization. 2. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. redemonstrated azygos lobe. 3. no fracture visible. if clinical concern persists, consider dedicated rib series. .
xxxx chest pain normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
left shoulder xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with mva. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old male with xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. the left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. there is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung, similar to the previous exam. .
none xxxx-year-old male with xxxx the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old male with xxxx the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx with nipple markers test ca; r/o xxxx examination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease. previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study, xxxx summation artifact. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with dyspnea. history of cystic fibrosis. no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. left lower lobe xxxx density xxxx representing atelectasis. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no focal lung consolidation. .
none. preop cabg. coronary artery disease. the heart is enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. cardiomegaly. no acute findings. .
ct of the chest with high-resolution from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, xxxx for mass/infiltrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
chest radiograph xxxx xxxx vehicle collision there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this appears xxxx from the prior study. the lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits. 1. no acute traumatic findings. 2. right upper lobe 6 mm nodular opacity. this may be artifactual secondary to overlapping vascular structures. however, true pulmonary nodule is a possibility. this appears xxxx from xxxx. consider further evaluation with dedicated pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx the patient is xxxx. .
none. chest pain. there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. in addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothorax. the xxxx lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. 1. right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic xxxx on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion, atelectasis, and/or consolidation. 2. interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate. .
none xxxx-year-old xxxx with preoperative examination. rule out tb. the xxxx and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic xxxx is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear. unremarkable chest study. . .
none chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. .
none history xxxx chest x-xxxx xxxx to receiving xxxx-tnf. heart size normal. no fibrosis. right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. calcified hilar lymph xxxx. no effusions. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. shortness of breath. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. negative for acute abnormality. .
none available xxxx and xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none available xxxx and xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
ct of the chest and two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old woman with lung cancer, shortness of breath.. the left lung is grossly clear. the right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. xxxx opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. no acute osseous abnormality. cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations. large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. grossly clear left lung. .
xxxx no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
xxxx chest pain normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. xxxx. xxxx. normal heart size. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. left nipple silhouette visualized. negative for acute bone abnormality. hyperexpanded lungs, otherwise clear. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. seasonal asthma, recent pneumonia; there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none. hemoptysis cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with chest pain this xxxx. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted. cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain and shortness of breath for one year. left arm pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. low lung volumes, otherwise clear. .
preop inguinal hernia repair heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma. .
portable chest radiograph xxxx followup chest tube. evaluate for pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. no definite residual pneumothorax. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes. no large pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air. 1. xxxx xxxx right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. no residual pneumothorax. 2. small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation. . .
none xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film. .
none. right flank pain, right-sided pain. diminished breath sounds. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none. edema. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. no evidence for heart failure. .
none xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. there is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. calcified right lower lobe granuloma the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none homeless male, positive ppd the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. old right-sided rib deformities are noted. no acute disease. .
pneumonia feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. stable left lung consolidation, possibly infectious pneumonia and/or aspiration. recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. 2. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with shortness of breath. stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes. 1. suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia, for which clinical correlation is recommended. .
none pain, syncope the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is no obvious displaced rib fracture. if there is concern for fracture consider rib series. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none pain, syncope the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is no obvious displaced rib fracture. if there is concern for fracture consider rib series. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
ap portable chest, xxxx at xxxx xxxx sweats the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection 2. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none. chest pain. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
two-view chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx, xxxx, shortness of breath. heart size within normal limits. mild xxxx left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx preop, right leg ischemia heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are clear, hyperinflated. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with osteoarthritis of the left hip scheduled for total hip replacement. preop for surgical xxxx for the hip replacement. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are calcified granulomas noted. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
ct chest xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath. evaluate for malignancy. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
chest x-xxxx and lateral from xxxx, xxxx. xxxx the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. dyspnea. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis, scarring and/or atelectasis. comparison with outside previous films may be useful. .
xxxx the patient is a xxxx year-old old male with chest pain. well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available. chest pain. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. no superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. emphysema. .
bronchitis heart normal. lungs clear. upper lobe xxxx and emphysema. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx, dyspnea. increased interstitial opacities non-specific. question edema or atypical infection? heart size normal. stable mediastinal silhouette. no lobar consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild increased reticular interstitial opacity. .
report only from chest x-xxxx dated xxxx is available for review. the images from the study are currently unavailable due to ongoing upgrade of the agfa pacs xxxx. xxxx there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and xxxx density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. persistent cardiomegaly. 2. clear lungs. .
report only from chest x-xxxx dated xxxx is available for review. the images from the study are currently unavailable due to ongoing upgrade of the agfa pacs xxxx. xxxx there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and xxxx density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. persistent cardiomegaly. 2. clear lungs. .
none available xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
preop for xxxx surgery xxxx surgery on jaw heart size is normal and lungs are clear. stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma .
none xxxx-year-old female, pain, alleged physical assault no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated. .
none xxxx-year-old female, pain, alleged physical assault no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated. .
smoking history the lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size normal. no mass or focal opacities seen. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. emphysematous changes in the lungs. . .
none. shortness of breath for the xxxx xxxx and half. patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia. . .
pain; no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with suspected pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with suspected pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx 6 feet from ladder. right shoulder pain. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no visible pneumothorax. the left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. however, no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. the right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. this is xxxx-xxxx and may be due to left xxxx xxxx osteoarthritis or a remote right xxxx xxxx mild xxxx. 1. left-sided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring. 2. cardiomegaly. .
xxxx, xxxx pain and shortness of breath. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several xxxx xxxx. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
none available. right post thoracic pain. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are low lung volumes. lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. .
xxxx transpleural biloma xxxx, xxxx, right chest pain radiating to shoulder, loculated right effusion xxxx/10 us; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest xxxx tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, xxxx from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant. 1. redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. 2. ill-defined xxxx right upper lung opacities, possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. further imaging xxxx of the chest may be indicated. .
none. history of aortic dissection. the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy xxxx. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. 1. wide mediastinal xxxx, consistent with history of aortic dissection. 2. otherwise normal chest x-xxxx. .
chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. chest pain. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. .
chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. chest pain. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx loss and xxxx. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx xxxx/xxxx, chest radiograph xxxx/xxxx. xxxx-year-old male status post mvc. normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung xxxx. no pneumothorax. 1. right sided pleural effusion. .
xxxx xxxx/xxxx, chest radiograph xxxx/xxxx. xxxx-year-old male status post mvc. normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung xxxx. no pneumothorax. 1. right sided pleural effusion. .
none. slurred speech, confusion, weakness, shortness of breath. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 16.2/24.7. diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. there is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. there are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. no evidence of pneumothorax. dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure. small pleural effusions. .
pa and lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, dysphasia, xxxx. feeding tube noted with tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. feeding tube tip xxxx distal to the gastroesophageal junction. .
xxxx, throat pain, right ear pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
pre-liver transplant the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. there is no focal consolidation or significant effusion. mild chronic changes in the left lung base without acute disease. .
none available. 786.59. c/o focal chest pain around heart that lasts for few xxxx. occurs approx. once a month. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. negative chest radiographs. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, and dizziness. examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic xxxx and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal, but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study. 1. exam somewhat limited, costophrenic xxxx excluded. 2. stable mild cardiomegaly. 3. clear lungs. .
xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none xxxx mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. .
xxxx, xxxx. preoperative for knee arthroscopy. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
lung cancer followup further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. no evidence of recurrence. heart size normal. no effusion. .
xxxx comparison xxxx, xxxx hyperexpansion and changes of copd as before. calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. lungs are overall clear. mediastinal contour stable. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous examination.. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, followup asthma exacerbation. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, followup asthma exacerbation. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, followup asthma exacerbation. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
ct abdomen pelvis from xxxx dated yesterday. xxxx-year-old with pain with history of strangulated hernia. kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the xxxx of which measure up to about 3.7 cm in diameter. there is also an extremely dilated xxxx in the same region which measures 5.9 cm in diameter. there is extensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is xxxx left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothorax. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure. kub 1. there are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. these findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. chest 1. left basilar airspace disease, xxxx atelectasis. . .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none there is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. contrast retained within the renal collecting xxxx. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. emphysematous changes 3. retained contrast within the renal collecting xxxx. .
chest radiograph xxxx/xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx failure after overdose. no pleural effusion no pneumothorax. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx strep viridans bacteremia. known neutropenia, xxxx and leukemia. right upper quadrant pain picc line catheter tip xxxx in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung xxxx. there is a larger area of xxxx patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion. in view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of xxxx acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion. .
xxxx strep viridans bacteremia. known neutropenia, xxxx and leukemia. right upper quadrant pain picc line catheter tip xxxx in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and xxxx bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under expanded. no pneumothorax. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung xxxx. there is a larger area of xxxx patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion. in view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of xxxx acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion. .
recent onset increased sob unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. no change chronic interstitial lung disease. .
recent onset increased sob unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. no change chronic interstitial lung disease. .
none chest pain mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the xxxx or xxxx fissure. no pneumothorax.. opacification of the right middle and lower lobes. .
none. dyspnea. chest pain. cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. dyspnea. chest pain. cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain , bilateral leg xxxx lung volumes are low. the heart is large, the pulmonary xxxx are engorged. no infiltrates. xxxx opacity is present in the left midlung. hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. left mid lung focal atelectasis. .
portable chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with hypoxia. heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. mild blunting of the costophrenic xxxx bilaterally. xxxx bilateral effusions. .
chest xxxx xxxx-year-old male with chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old with xxxx and body xxxx the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. contrast-enhanced xxxx examination would xxxx to further evaluate if clinically indicated. 2. mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. contrast-enhanced xxxx examination would xxxx to further evaluate if clinically indicated. 2. mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. .
chest pain there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
chest pain there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
ct chest dated xxxx, chest 2 views dated xxxx. chest pain evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. xxxx are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung xxxx reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical xxxx. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. emphysema. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with dyspnea. heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged. possible right lower lobe pneumonia. cardiomegaly .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with dyspnea. heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged. possible right lower lobe pneumonia. cardiomegaly .
none. vomiting blood, hemoptysis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. incidental note is xxxx of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings. mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs. .
none xxxx x3 weeks and history of bronchitis the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings xxxx related to patient's history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region xxxx related to history of bronchitis. no acute infiltrate. .
none xxxx-year-old with left-sided chest pain normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. small focal retrocardiac lung opacity. small left retrocardiac opacity, may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease. .
chest x-xxxx, 2 views pa and lateral on xxxx. hx of stents the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. tubular densities overlying the heart xxxx are xxxx coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and xxxx represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with history of a mild ppd reaction, screening x-xxxx.. low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged. 1. borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence for active tb. .
none xxxx-year-old female, pain heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings .
none hypoxia. 1. cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. right base opacity xxxx combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. left lung relatively clear. 4. limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. no evidence of pneumothorax. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx chf, xxxx; very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. no overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits. .
none. abdominal pain. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. if none are available consider nonemergent xxxx chest for further characterization. . .
none. abdominal pain. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. if none are available consider nonemergent xxxx chest for further characterization. . .
none patient confused. possible head injury. heart size normal. mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. calcified lingular granuloma. no focal consolidations or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. breast implants there is a moderate wedge xxxx deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae, xxxx t6, age-indeterminate. .
xxxx. chest pain. asymmetric radial pulses. stable appearance of the right aortic xxxx. normal heart size. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. stable exam with known right aortic xxxx. .
none. xxxx heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge xxxx deformity of l1, age-indeterminate. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge xxxx deformity of l1. .
xxxx chest pain pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. probable dish of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx decreased breath sounds borderline heart size. aortic atherosclerosis. small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. right-sided central catheter tip low svc. ng tube has been removed. there is mild xxxx-distention of this stomach. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with nightsweats and xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male. chest pain. stable cardiomegaly, xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes. stable cardiomegaly without heart failure. .
none chest pain lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx, xxxx bronchitis and xxxx the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings. .
chest pain and xxxx. comparison xxxx, xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
chest pain and xxxx. comparison xxxx, xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with preop evaluation for rhinoplasty on xxxx. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx. chest pain. stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear, no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable chest, no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx. chest pain. stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx. lungs clear, no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable chest, no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, followup xxxx normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx-year-old female with wheezing. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx. preop xxxx choli, chest pain, wheezing, gastroesophageal reflux disease, obstructive apnea. obesity stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest. both lungs remain in clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum are normal. right shoulder. the glenohumeral joint show slight narrowing. fracture line in the scapula is less distinct than previously. xxxx change in the xxxx xxxx alignment of the scapula xxxx and spine. right shoulder pain. 1. chest. no active disease. 2. right shoulder. healing scapular fracture. .
xxxx-year-old male, dyspnea frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx borderline enlarged. low lung volumes, otherwise, no definite acute findings. .
xxxx chest x-xxxx, xxxx scan metastatic ovarian cancer, evaluate pleural effusion there is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. there is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. there is some pleural fluid tracking along the right xxxx fissure. there is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. no pneumothorax is identified. heart size is within normal limits. right picc tip is at the svc. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. partially loculated right pleural effusion, grossly stable. 2. stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. 3. bibasilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx. pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
chest radiograph xxxx. chest pain. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thorax intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. clear lungs, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. clear lungs, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none hx tumors removed lungs xxxx, possible nodular denisities at osh postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal. postoperative left upper lobe. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none hx tumors removed lungs xxxx, possible nodular denisities at osh postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal. postoperative left upper lobe. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none chest pain dyspnea slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs. no effusion .
none xxxx-year-old female with syncope lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
feet xxxx. the lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. there is chronic pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. no lobar consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is normal. emphysema. .
xxxx-year-old complaining of chest pain no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
shortness of breath. stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary xxxx and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx, chest pain for shortness of breath for 3 weeks heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. normal chest. .
pa lateral chest radiographs xxxx xxxx-year-old woman with shortness of breath the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothorax. bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx, etoh abuse. limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old male with chest pain lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ap chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old chest pain for 1.5 weeks. pain anteriorly over the lower right chest. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
ap chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old chest pain for 1.5 weeks. pain anteriorly over the lower right chest. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
r/o tb no active disease.. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain after xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring. there is a xxxx like deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body (lateral view). negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial. buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the xxxx body. fracture is possible, if high energy xxxx was localized to this region. correlate with focal tenderness. xxxx chest, if warranted. .
none chest pain, pressure the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. tortuous thoracic aorta. clear lungs. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, dyspnea. unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities. stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx xxxx-year-old woman with history of breast cancer. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is hyperexpansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of metastatic disease. . .
history of xxxx heart size normal. slightly tortuous aorta, unchanged. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. dyspnea. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. dyspnea. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear. .
,786.59 chest pain t spine cxr comparison xxxx, xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old female shortness of breath. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. metastatic breast cancer, xxxx the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc. interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. no nodules or masses are definitely seen on xxxx radiograph. . .
none. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. streaky perihilar opacities. peribronchial cuffing also noted. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. no focal pneumonia. .
none. pre op evaluation no known xxxx. pre-op xxxx. xxxx x 40 yrs. no chest complaints today. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. a few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none xxxx and xxxx symptoms the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
vomiting. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx and hemoptysis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none. xxxx-year-old male. chest pain and pressure. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative. .
none. xxxx bleed. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. xxxx. shortness of breath for 5 days. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. middle lobe calcified granulomas. normal xxxx. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. chest pain. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx. a thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis is present. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart size normal. xxxxyo aam with xxxx and history of asthma with xxxx for six weeks, immunosuppre xxxx change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. thoracolumbar scoliosis. .
none 31yof with xxxx and chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx incontinence preop examination the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with back pain. right-sided chest pain.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx onset chest pain.. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chest pain heart size is normal the lungs are clear .
chest x-xxxx xxxx and lateral from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with asthma flare. stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities xxxx represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. .
none. xxxx, xxxx xxxx heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. mediastinal contour normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. hyperexpanded lungs, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary process. .
multiple chest x-xxxx, the most recent dated xxxx. history of central line placement. there is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. there is no apparent pneumothorax. there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. there is stable right upper lung lucency. the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits. 1. distal tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. 2. no apparent pneumothorax. 3. stable right upper lung lucency. ct chest may be helpful to further characterize. .
xxxx. cancer of the appendix. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right xxxx-a-xxxx has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior xxxx xxxx. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
history of chest pain. slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs. .
chest radiograph from xxxx. xxxx. there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, chest pain. there are scattered xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum xxxx representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. 1. left lower lobe opacities xxxx representing pneumonia. 2. enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman, positive ppd. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified. 1. no acute abnormality. 2. no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. .
two view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old male with pneumonia.. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct examination dated xxxx, xxxx (not seen on prior chest x-xxxx) is not seen either on xxxx chest x-xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
chronic xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none shortness of breath the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted. emphysema without acute disease. .
preop lipoma. heart size is normal and lungs are clear. soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's lipoma. .
none. kidney xxxx. heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic xxxx are clear. the bony thorax is grossly intact. normal chest. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate, similar to slightly improved from xxxx. 2. left lung grossly clear. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from xxxx. left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate, similar to slightly improved from xxxx. 2. left lung grossly clear. .
xxxx, xxxx sarcoidosis clear lungs. no discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. no active pulmonary disease. .
none. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with xxxx, shortness of breath. history of smoking 30 years ago. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. xxxx xxxx intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain for one xxxx. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. chest pain aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with right lower lobe crackles. there are changes of xxxx sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
ct chest, dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. xxxx vehicle xxxx. right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung, xxxx compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right xxxx pulmonary artery, as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx on the congestion, xxxx for 2 days heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base, not obscuring the right heart xxxx. this may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. left lung clear. no effusions. no pneumothorax. skeletal structures unremarkable. .
none. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with left shoulder pain. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx, xxxx. abdominal pain and distention. frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity xxxx due to discoid atelectasis and/or xxxx scarring. there are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. 1. copd. basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. 2. no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. .
outside study dated xxxx. testicular carcinoma. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged. 1. left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy. .
outside study dated xxxx. testicular carcinoma. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged. 1. left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy. .
none. 719.41, xxxx xxxx male with left shoulder pain there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx xxxx. the previously seen right-sided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
no comparisons are available chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx leukocytosis the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there has been a xxxx xxxx sternotomy. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx infection, xxxx, shortness of breath the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. xxxx scar in the right lateral midlung. adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic xxxx. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. tortuous, ectatic thoracic aorta, unchanged. xxxx sternotomy xxxx intact. 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. there is an embolization xxxx overlying left upper quadrant. bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes xxxx representing airspace disease or edema. .
pa lateral chest radiograph, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with dysphasia for 3 months. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. .
none unexplained leukocytosis, please rule out pneumonia moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy xxxx noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema. .
xxxx indication: pain; stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ct chest with contrast dated xxxx. xxxx. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
bilateral hip pain with osteoarthritis. possible hip replacement. on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral xxxx destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were xxxx in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures appear normal. 1.severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. 2. possible copd but no acute pulmonary disease. .
chest pain heart size is normal and lungs are clear. .
chf, shortness of breath. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. xxxx xxxx right and xxxx left pleural effusions. there is xxxx right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. xxxx b-lines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. early interstitial show pulmonary edema. .
chf, shortness of breath. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. xxxx xxxx right and xxxx left pleural effusions. there is xxxx right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. xxxx b-lines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. early interstitial show pulmonary edema. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. soft tissue sarcoma, left leg. recent right shoulder repair. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion xxxx. xxxx cholecystectomy. interval placement of right humeral orthopedic xxxx, incompletely evaluated. if attention is desired to this area, consider dedicated shoulder x-xxxx. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain and sternum pain. xxxx. heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax large effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa lateral chest radiograph, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. .
xxxx left-sided chest pain for 1-1/2 weeks for the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx shortness of breath mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. dyspnea the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. iritis, rule out sarcoidosis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of sarcoidosis. .
none xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx, xxxx increased xxxx xxxx stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothorax. .
preop kidney transplant. no chest complaints marked increase in heart size. cardiomegaly. question pericardial effusion. stable 1.5 cm nodule left mid chest, xxxx a granuloma. lungs are clear. no effusion. stable left hilar lymphadenopathy. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
ct chest xxxx. history of testicular cancer, evaluate for metastatic disease heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothorax. limited degenerative change of the spine no radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases. .
none xxxx-year-old female with xxxx hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old female with xxxx hyperexpanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
evaluate for effusion . there is cardiomegaly. lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. there is central vascular congestion. .
none available. xxxx-year-old xxxx, mvc. cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none available. xxxx-year-old xxxx, mvc. cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. weakness, vomiting, chest pain. heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. weakness, vomiting, chest pain. heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none syncope with collapse, xxxx, pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. findings suggestive of emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none syncope with collapse, xxxx, pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. findings suggestive of emphysema. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
chest pain. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. xxxx scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change. .
hypertension; no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
ct abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx-year-old male with history of renal mass the lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, xxxx large emphysematous xxxx. there are xxxx biapical opacities, xxxx scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. emphysema. large right upper lobe xxxx. biapical scarring. .
none. xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
none. preoperative evaluation cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. clear lungs. . .
none. preoperative evaluation cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. cardiomegaly. clear lungs. . .
chest pain. heart size upper limits normal. clear lungs. no pneumonia or effusions. .
gynoid 19, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, xxxx. screening exam. heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic xxxx, there is a 2.1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged. 2.1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic xxxx on the lateral view, which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. recommend followup with chest ct. .
pa and lateral chest radiograph xxxx/xxxx the xxxx-year-old female with chest pain low lung volumes noted. the heart size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. pain with inspiration. xxxx. normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with tuberculosis contact, rule out tb. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with tuberculosis contact, rule out tb. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. .
ap and lateral view the chest on xxxx, xxxx. shortness of breath. a left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in xxxx with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. stable position of the left-sided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. preop anesthesia xxxx concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. this can be further characterized with a xxxx of the chest. no confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion. .
xxxx. xxxx. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx. xxxx. normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, hemoptysis, chest pain and shortness of breath. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . .
xxxx. abdominal pain, right upper quadrant. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. 1. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx. abdominal pain, right upper quadrant. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. 1. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. no evidence of active disease. .
chest radiographs from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx and dyspnea. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old with xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with abdominal pain the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of xxxx seen in the transverse colon. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none lightheadedness, shaking, numbness in xxxx heart size is at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal airspace consolidation. .
syncope patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
syncope patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none tachycardia, diabetes, hypoxia. the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, chest pain. cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. prior granulomatous infection. .
xxxx. pnuemonia exsmoker x 10 yrs hx xxxx onset asthma x 5 yrs f/u pneumonia x 1 xxxx ago xxxx xxxx experiencing dyspnea normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
ap chest radiograph xxxx preoperative evaluation. patient on home oxygen. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; xxxx recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule. xxxx level veriphy message was sent xxxx. xxxx regarding possible lung nodules at xxxx hours xxxx/xxxx. .
ap chest radiograph xxxx preoperative evaluation. patient on home oxygen. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; xxxx recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule. xxxx level veriphy message was sent xxxx. xxxx regarding possible lung nodules at xxxx hours xxxx/xxxx. .
none. hemoptysis heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest. .
xxxx xxxx with shortness of breath cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx xxxx with shortness of breath cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none xxxx-year-old male, testicular cancer. no pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none cp lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine. negative for acute abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx preop bladder surgery the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none chest pain the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx and ct chest without contrast xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, rule out dissection. there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality. increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. with increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection, chest ct is recommended for further evaluation. .
none chest pain lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none chest pain lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male shortness of breath. hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace disease/atelectasis. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male shortness of breath. hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace disease/atelectasis. .
none chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none chest pain after coughing for 2 weeks. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none. chest pain. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. .
difficulty breathing and xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none. preop hernia repair, asthma. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. preop hernia repair, asthma. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. multiple myeloma. bone marrow transplant. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none. multiple myeloma. bone marrow transplant. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx. xxxx. right-sided injury. there is abnormal separation of the right xxxx xxxx. this is age-indeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote xxxx. the cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema . there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying xxxx. 1. there is abnormal separation of right xxxx xxxx, question very acute versus chronic injury. correlate for focal pain. if indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. 2. no acute cortical artery disease. .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx year old xxxx for 4 days. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal hilar vasculature. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
ankle xxxx, chest xxxx xxxx-year-old mva. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. xxxx unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue xxxx around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right elbow and forearm. no acute traumatic finding. left ankle. 1. no acute traumatic finding. 2. midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy. .
ankle xxxx, chest xxxx xxxx-year-old mva. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. xxxx unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue xxxx around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. right elbow and forearm. no acute traumatic finding. left ankle. 1. no acute traumatic finding. 2. midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy. .
none. the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with left-sided chest pain. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. xxxx xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none available xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx. the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. chest pain heart size normal and lungs are clear. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx. short of breath, xxxx and wheezing. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx. pre-op evaluation for cyst removal. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx chest pain normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable mild interstitial prominence. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old xxxx with polyarthralgia, evaluate for infection there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fixation xxxx is noted. no evidence of active disease. .
none cp lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs. .
none. chest pain cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are xxxx opacities in the left xxxx, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx loss, tobacco history normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis. no acute pulmonary findings. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with tachycardia intermittently over the last 8 hours. pain and left arm. three months postpartum. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx. xxxx year-old woman, routine physical. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. small hiatal hernia noted. .
xxxx. xxxx year-old woman, routine physical. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. small hiatal hernia noted. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. testis cancer the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified. small bilateral pleural effusions. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old male with xxxx and possible tb exposure. stable appearance of lower cervical fusion xxxx. heart size normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx dyspnea hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. .
cp htn lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous xxxx calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal. .
chest 2 views pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx p.m. bronchitis, hemoptysis stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph xxxx. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx year old with a xxxx. there are stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx. the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. stable appearance of the chest. no acute pulmonary disease. .
ct of the chest dated xxxx rales in right mid and lower lung xxxx. there is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperexpansion. no xxxx infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam. stable changes of copd. .
xxxx at xxxx chest pain the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx xxxx-year-old with chest pain no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old with chest pain no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx-year-old female with anterior midline chest pain. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx-year-old female with anterior midline chest pain. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration. no evidence of active disease. .
none xxxx-year-old chest pain. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none xxxx-year-old chest pain. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
two-view chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with copd and worsening dyspnea. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. emphysema. bibasilar pleural scarring. no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx hours xxxx, xxxx. scapula fx chest. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened. 1. chest. continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. 2. right shoulder. scapular fracture. 3. clavicle. acromioclavicular separation. .
xxxx hours xxxx, xxxx. scapula fx chest. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened. 1. chest. continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. 2. right shoulder. scapular fracture. 3. clavicle. acromioclavicular separation. .
none xxxx-year-old female, dyspnea. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx and lateral from xxxx. xxxx year old male with chest pain. the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx and lateral from xxxx. xxxx year old male with chest pain. the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female shortness of breath. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx x days the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease. .
chest 2 views pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx p.m., ct chest with contrast xxxx, xxxx p.m. malignant neoplasm, evaluate for metastases/recurrence scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, xxxx represents calcified granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx, xxxx decreased in size from prior exam. heart size is normal. xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. routine exam. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
none. routine exam. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
xxxx, xxxx dyspnea, leg xxxx, cellulitis. moderate enlargement of the heart xxxx. this shows significant interval increase in size from the remote xxxx comparison. xxxx cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. minimal patchy infiltrate/atelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
ct of the abdomen and pelvis xxxx xxxx evaluate for pneumonia retroperitoneal mass there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. 1. question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. this is xxxx to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. 2. left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. .
xxxx. history of pneumonia. hemoptysis. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. stable retrocardiac airspace opacity. stable retrocardiac airspace opacity. .
none xxxx-year-old female with nausea. history of hodgkin's lymphoma. there are low lung volumes. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits. no acute abnormality demonstrated. .
pa and lateral chest radiograph from xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, rule out pneumonia calcified left hilar lymph xxxx xxxx from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old male with xxxx's syndrome and worsening xxxx the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. unremarkable chest x-xxxx. . .
xxxx chest pain this a.m. heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothorax. 1. stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx-year-old male, history of laryngeal carcinoma, surveillance there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and xxxx cerclage xxxx appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1. clear lungs. no acute chest findings. 2. peripheral vascular disease. .
chest xxxx shortness of breath lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no xxxx deformity. low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none xxxx xxxx aam xxxx with h/o xxxx, shoulder pain, xxxx loss lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. .
none. achalasia the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
radiograph from xxxx palpitations the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film. .
radiograph from xxxx palpitations the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film. .
chest x-xxxx of xxxx ,786.39 coughing up sputum blood streaked xxxx onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval xxxx removal of left picc line, no pneumothorax. xxxx onset right basal chest infection .
in xxxx, xxxx. chest pain in the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal. multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. chest, abdomen, and pelvis ct with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation. .
in xxxx, xxxx. chest pain in the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal. multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. chest, abdomen, and pelvis ct with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation. .
none. preop, bilateral knee injury. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with positive ppd no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. no finding suggestive of active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman, xxxx vehicle collision. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. preoperative evaluation there is a 1.5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. xxxx opacities xxxx representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet. 1. prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodule/lymph node or superimposing blood xxxx. in the absence of prior studies for comparison, xxxx chest for further evaluation. result notification xxxx primordial. .
none left chest pain rule out rib fracture the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. the mediastinum is normal. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. no gross evidence for rib fracture. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with abdominal pain low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
dyspnea cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are normal limits. increased interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities xxxx represent interstitial edema. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain and dyspnea. the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx, single view portable from xxxx, xxxx. the patient is an xxxx-year-old woman who xxxx xxxx stepping xxxx a ladder. the patient complains of right hip and right femur pain. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. note is xxxx of calcifications in the aortic xxxx. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. no displaced rib fractures are seen. . .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain x 3 days the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male, xxxx one. lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothorax. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture. severe cardiomegaly. limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. recommend xxxx for further evaluation of mediastinum given t/spine injury noted on c/spine imaging. critical result notification documented through primordial. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with right upper quadrant pain. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. . no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. unremarkable examination of the chest. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with right upper quadrant pain. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well expanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. . no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. unremarkable examination of the chest. .
none patient hallucinating. weakness and confusion. mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. xxxx scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. xxxx scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 3. mild cardiomegaly. . .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain and shortness of breath. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none. preop bariatric surgery cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications are present. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. prior cholecystectomy. no acute preoperative findings. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx. xxxx stable appearing right-sided xxxx the opacities. there is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. stable right-sided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
mild asthma heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. .
xxxx xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. xxxx calcified granuloma seen. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none. chest pain. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right chest xxxx tip in the low svc. right granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
none. mid chest pain starting tonight. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are xxxx accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less xxxx, pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese. 1. suspected cardiomegaly, less xxxx pericardial effusion. prior comparison studies would be helpful. 2. low lung volumes. no evidence of focal airspace disease. . .
none. mid chest pain starting tonight. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are xxxx accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less xxxx, pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese. 1. suspected cardiomegaly, less xxxx pericardial effusion. prior comparison studies would be helpful. 2. low lung volumes. no evidence of focal airspace disease. . .
xxxx, xxxx. preop circumcision. the lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t12-l1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. 2. possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially t12-l1. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx for 3 xxxx, xxxx x2 years the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none nausea, vomiting, preop for surgery the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath. xxxx sternotomy xxxx appear intact. surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. mitral valve replacement seen. low lung volumes. the interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. there is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. 1. mildly prominent interstitial markings, which could represent interstitial edema. 2. mild blunting of the posterior sulcus, which could represent a small effusion. .
xxxx-year-old male, pain heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. hypertension; pre op for colon surgery, well-expanded and clear lungs. apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. this could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. bony thorax is unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. vague left upper lobe nodular density as described above. further imaging xxxx may be helpful. .
none. xxxx-year-old female dyspnea. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. 1. pulmonary hypoinflation. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. left-sided chest pain x2 days. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none xxxx-year-old female, pain heart size mildly enlarged for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old xxxx with history of pneumonia, persistent dyspnea, hiv-positive. the heart size is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. no acute abnormality. 2. dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged. . .
portable chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with shortness of breath. moderate cardiomegaly. bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusions. cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. .
single view chest xxxx at xxxx. xxxx-year-old with xxxx onset dyspnea. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
transplant/ ekg no comparison chest x-xxxx. minimal lingular scarring. overall, well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. 786.2, 53xxxx with xxxx x 6 months suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. no effusions. stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. 786.2, 53xxxx with xxxx x 6 months suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. no effusions. stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
ct chest xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old female admitted for fractures (multiple), examination for ecf placement. rotated examination. tortuous aorta. moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. no pneumothorax. mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia. 1. moderate right-sided pleural effusion. 2. no cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. the airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on xxxx chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. 3. cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to ap view. 4. left humerus fracture. . .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. chest pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none. chest pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx shortness of breath vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. vague opacity at the left lung base which appears to be within the left lower lobe. this may represent resolving or developing pneumonia given the patient's history. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male shortness of breath.. no stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified. stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx xxxx..xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea. xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. .
none. six months of xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left axillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact. no active pulmonary disease. .
xxxx chronic xxxx xxxx lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. .
xxxx chronic xxxx xxxx lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx and lateral from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. xxxx sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx bleed in the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left xxxx of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note xxxx of an unchanged hiatal hernia. xxxx right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. ct of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. .
none xxxx since end of xxxx. there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion. left basilar airspace disease. recommend follow up chest x-xxxx to document resolution xxxx for better characterization. .
xxxx. chest pain. frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. 1. stable normal chest x-xxxx. .
none the left lateral rib pain, xxxx, gunshot wound 40 years ago lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. xxxx density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact. minimal atelectasis left base, no acute abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx history of prostate cancer rule out metastasis heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no adenopathy or effusion. stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior xxxx of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. this most xxxx represents overlying degenerative spurring xxxx than metastasis. .
xxxx xxxx history of prostate cancer rule out metastasis heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no adenopathy or effusion. stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior xxxx of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. this most xxxx represents overlying degenerative spurring xxxx than metastasis. .
none neck pain cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx symptoms. the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. the xxxx are normal in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx symptoms. the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. the xxxx are normal in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
asthma. cigarette smoking heart size is normal, lungs are clear. no nodular masses. ct scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules. .
asthma. cigarette smoking heart size is normal, lungs are clear. no nodular masses. ct scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male. chest pain. hiv. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest pain due to indigestion. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph xxxx. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old woman with hepatic encephalopathy and xxxx of abdomen. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available. xxxx-year-old woman with hepatic encephalopathy and xxxx of abdomen. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
no comparisons are available chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
no comparisons are available chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
nones bilateral rhonchi the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. no acute disease. .
none history of xxxx loss heart size is normal. lungs are clear. lower cervical spine fusion and sternotomy. old healed left mid posterior rib fractures. emphysema. no nodules, masses or adenopathy. .
none kidney transplant evaluation the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. pectus deformity is noted. left ij dual-lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
pa lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, xxxx, shortness of breath, question pneumonia. left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. recommend clinical correlation. . .
pa lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, xxxx, shortness of breath, question pneumonia. left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. recommend clinical correlation. . .
xxxx cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe l1 xxxx fracture. slight interval increase in xxxx loss of t11 and there is xxxx mild to moderate anterior xxxx loss of t10. degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. mild to moderate t10 vertebral body anterior xxxx deformity, xxxx from xxxx. slight interval increase in xxxx loss of t11. unchanged severe l1 xxxx deformity. if further imaging characterization is needed, recommend mri. findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician xxxx the primordial communication xxxx. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. xxxx vehicle accident. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. xxxx vehicle accident. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx, xxxx and xxxx for 6 days. heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate. . .
none. xxxx-year-old male with preoperative prostate surgery. no chest complaints. hypertension. the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-expanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening. 1. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. this may be related to xxxx xxxx, however, if there is no known history, consider comparison with prior studies if available xxxx of the chest for further evaluation .
xxxx, xxxx. sob heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no xxxx consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality .
none picc line placement. left picc line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and svc; repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful. there is a tortuous atherosclerotic aorta. large lung volumes with widened ap diameter of the chest, xxxx due to copd; recommend clinical correlation. diffuse xxxx bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification. no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, large pleural effusion/pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes at the xxxx joints. osteopenia. degenerative changes of the cervical spine with possible fusion in the lower cervical region. .
none. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
xxxx chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female with xxxx no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none available xxxx-year-old male with right substernal chest pain no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. heart size normal. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest ct in xxxx, xxxx. sarcoidosis, xxxx cxr the mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear. decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. continued clear lungs. .
chest ct in xxxx, xxxx. sarcoidosis, xxxx cxr the mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear. decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. continued clear lungs. .
none xxxx-year-old female with persistent xxxx for 6 months. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease. .
ct chest xxxx xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
chest pain that started ealier today, non-radiating, xxxx pain, shortness of breath x weeks, pain in xxxx joints x 6 weeks mostly right side, non-xxxx, no hx ca, no previous heart or lung conditions comparison xxxx, xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
mva on the 14th the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. first rib fracture not well demonstrated on xxxx study.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none positive ppd the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
frontal chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx, chest pain and hypertensive urgency. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
frontal chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx, chest pain and hypertensive urgency. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old with xxxx normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. interval xxxx deformity of the vertebral body xxxx xxxx the level of the two vertebroplasty xxxx. 1. moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities, which may represent infection and/or atelectasis. 2. bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear old. 3. interval vertebral body xxxx deformity in the lumbar spine since xxxx. . .
chest radiograph on xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain and dyspnea. this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
chest radiograph on xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain and dyspnea. this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
ct chest on xxxx. chest radiograph xxxx. xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph xxxx. left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx of the chest dated xxxx, xxxx 11 from xxxx. shortness of breath. lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild xxxx scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia. 1. severe emphysema. 2. irregular, pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. this may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine long-term stability. if none are available, recommend short-term xxxx in 3 to 4 months. evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. these were not xxxx available at the outside institution. malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images. .
no pneumothorax or effusion. no pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs clear .
ct chest on xxxx. xxxx xxxx xxxx with chronic xxxx heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. elevated right hemidiaphragm. 2. no evidence of active disease. .
ap chest dated xxxx. two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old was slurred speech and confusion. could bulging 2 years ago. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge xxxx deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with history of aortic stenosis, pulmonic stenosis. icd 9 codes 746.3, 746.02. xxxx xxxx sternotomy xxxx appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old chest pain. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. trachea is midline. normal chest exam. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with positive ppd. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. .
recent myocardial infarct the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process. .
recent myocardial infarct the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute process. .
none. multiple abscesses, polysubstance abuse, tachycardia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none. chest pain the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical degenerative arthritis. no acute findings. .
xxxx xxxx low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no evidence of active disease. .
look-up on xxxx and does not remember xxxx happened. there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd. no acute pulmonary disease. .
look-up on xxxx and does not remember xxxx happened. there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. copd. no acute pulmonary disease. .
radiograph from xxxx dyspnea the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified. normal chest film. .
xxxx. ,491.21 chronic bronchitis with acute exacerbation no known xxxx. bronchitis x1 month. s.o.b and productive xxxx, xxxx xxxx. xxxx, 1 xxxx a xxxx. no pain or previous surgery. menopausal, no xxxx of pregnancy. lungs are hyper expanded consistent with copd. no parenchymal infiltrates. no xxxx of pleural effusions. normal heart size. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease, unchanged. .
chest pain. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx palpitation pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. xxxx right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
pa and lateral on xxxx. pneumonia. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx unwitnessed xxxx, right-sided pain grossly, the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. no displaced bony injuries are present. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx, xxxx. xxxx with sputum. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx year-old male with xxxx. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none. persistent xxxx. clear lungs. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart. trachea is midline. normal chest exam. .
none xxxx-year-old male with chest pain and shortness of breath the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with pulmonary nodule heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no pulmonary nodules identified. no acute abnormality. no pulmonary nodule identified. . .
none available. xxxx-year-old woman, followed right middle lobe and right lower lobe pneumonia. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. calcific aorta. normal vascular markings. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
dyspnea, xxxx and shortness of breath heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, xxxx onset chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, xxxx onset chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx testicular cancer are all lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. .
none available tripped xxxx letting xxxx xxxx out, xxxx a possible xxxx, and now is c/o right arm/shoulder pain.pt unable to raise rt arm for lateral view due to px heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. fracture-dislocation of the right shoulder. bone demineralization. scoliosis which is possibly positional. clear lungs. fracture-dislocation of the proximal right shoulder . .
chest x-xxxx xxxx xxxx-year-old female with xxxx's syndrome previous history of xxxx xxxx. stable appearance of previous xxxx sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx xxxx-year-old female with xxxx's syndrome previous history of xxxx xxxx. stable appearance of previous xxxx sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the xxxx are generally unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx sx heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no bony abnormalities. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextrocurvature the spine. no acute process. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar xxxx. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea. there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea. there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with positive ppd.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right xxxx versus dextrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. 2. abnormal configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic xxxx versus dextrocardia. .
none xxxx-year-old male, history of tobacco use. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic xxxx are excluded. no acute disease. .
none chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic xxxx are excluded. no acute disease. .
xxxx, xxxx esophageal carcinoma, shortness of breath in xxxx postop changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly. there is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. thoracic spondylosis. right lower lobe infiltrate. in the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. consider followup pa and lateral chest x-xxxx in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass. .
none. pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute findings. . .
history of tonsillar cancer in xxxx no heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. minimal fibrosis in the right apex, may be due to xxxx radiation treatment. .
history of tonsillar cancer in xxxx no heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. minimal fibrosis in the right apex, may be due to xxxx radiation treatment. .
none xxxx-year-old female, dyspnea low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. heart size within normal limits, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. low lung volumes with no definite acute findings. .
none chest pain lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. .
none. xxxx xxxx. swimmer. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
none. xxxx xxxx. swimmer. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx. xxxx non productive chronic xxxx. no xxxx. xxxx. does st xxxx sweats. clear lungs. no airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size, mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged. .
none. xxxx and congestion lungs are xxxx without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post xxxx sternotomy. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is xxxx of previous left rotator xxxx repair. xxxx lungs without focal consolidation. .
none. history of atrial fibrillation and cardioversion 3 weeks ago, heart xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic xxxx are excluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none rule out tb heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none rule out tb heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none low back pain and left chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, breast cancer, preoperative evaluation. heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. xxxx opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable. atelectasis versus scar left lung base. otherwise unremarkable. xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please xxxx. xxxx, xxxx certified radiologist, at xxxx. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, breast cancer, preoperative evaluation. heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. xxxx opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. bony structures unremarkable. atelectasis versus scar left lung base. otherwise unremarkable. xxxx xxxx for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. if there are any questions about this examination please xxxx. xxxx, xxxx certified radiologist, at xxxx. .
chest radiograph xxxx. chest pain. low lung volumes. xxxx normal heart size. no pneumothorax. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate. low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest radiograph xxxx. chest pain. low lung volumes. xxxx normal heart size. no pneumothorax. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate. low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none preoperative evaluation, pericardial effusion the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are scattered bilateral xxxx opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax is identified. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. scattered xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. 2. mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. .
xxxx, xxxx pneumonia one xxxx ago with left-sided crackles xxxx left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. stable heart size, moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. clear right lung. .
dyspnea the heart is enlarged. the left subclavian icd is again identified. there is again hilar enlargement, xxxx superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. xxxx opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation. stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly. .
none. chest pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
positive ppd heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis. .
none chest pain, palpitations hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. .
chest 2 views. xxxx, xxxx. xxxx there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be xxxx lung nodule. round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. this may represent xxxx pulmonary nodule. the primordial xxxx was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. . .
chest 2 views. xxxx, xxxx. xxxx there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be xxxx lung nodule. round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. this may represent xxxx pulmonary nodule. the primordial xxxx was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. . .
pa and lateral views of the chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with pneumonia. heart size within normal limits. there is focal left lateral base airspace disease. there is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. this is not seen on the comparison. correlate clinically with history of fracture. left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung. .
none. breast cancer. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx prostate cancer lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. hyperexpanded but clear lungs. .
xxxx followup lung cancer the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of xxxx sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion. stable left thoracotomy changes with left-sided volume loss. no acute interval change. .
xxxx chest pain there is mild xxxx mentally without pulmonary edema. tortuous thoracic aorta, unchanged. stable positioning of the dual-xxxx cardiac xxxx device. no visible pneumothorax. there is a small left pleural effusion. focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, xxxx appreciated on lateral projection. increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 1. left lower lobe, superior segment, airspace consolidation, radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. based on patient's age, a followup chest x-xxxx to document resolution is recommended. 2. xxxx left parapneumonic pleural effusion. .
none. anemia. heart size normal. lungs clear. .
xxxx at 743 lung cancer the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease 2. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of disease recurrence. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none available sob flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. no pneumothorax or effusion. mild hyperexpansion. no acute process. .
none. xxxx-year-old with initiation of xxxx medication. ordered for a xxxx up prior to beginning the medicine. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. evidence of previous granulomatous infection. .
none xxxx-xxxx lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx cp lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality. .
xxxx cp lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine. stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain.. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old male, xxxx hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine dextrocurvature noted. hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory xxxx. .
chest radiograph from xxxx and xxxx from xxxx.. xxxx-year-old female, sob , dyspnea/drug-induced xxxx, nonsmoker. stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. left basilar airspace opacity xxxx secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. stable cardiomegaly. clear lungs. . .
none weakness of muscles; hx xxxx nodules; xxxx for changes in lungs the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic xxxx. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx. testicular carcinoma. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx-year-old male, anxiety attacks, chest pain heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted. no acute findings .
none chest pain the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest. .
,786.52 xxxx the lungs appear clear. lung volumes are low. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx performed xxxx/xxxx xxxx-year-old with xxxx, history of lung nodules. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previously<br>described xxxx deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. there is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
abdomen and pelvis ct from xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx and leukocytosis. the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx appear intact. left basilar atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
abdomen and pelvis ct from xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx and leukocytosis. the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx appear intact. left basilar atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chest pain. heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures. .
chest pain. heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures. .
left-sided chest pain for 2 days. there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant. no acute pulmonary disease. .
right lower extremity infection and hypoxia there is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. the heart and mediastinum are normal. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present. persistent and biapical opacities. no acute pulmonary disease identified. .
none. xxxx, dyspnea cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. there is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx year old with xxxx and congestion. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest radiograph xxxx/xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with shortness of breath and xxxx. normal cardiac contour. clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. clinical lightheadedness today. history of pulmonary embolism. 2 images. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
pa and lateral views the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, chest pain. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with neck pain. sore throat and headache. runny nose and xxxx. xxxx. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient is obese. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old with hypertension. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. syncope. mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx. mild cardiomegaly. clear lungs. . .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old xxxx with shortness of breath. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ap chest xxxx xxxx and sob heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx and xxxx sweats. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx and xxxx sweats. the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with dyspnea. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. there degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. productive xxxx the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
chest radiograph xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, status post cardiac arrest there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none shortness of breath the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none. xxxx year old outside chest pain radiating xxxx the left arm. the heart is normal in size and contour. scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
ap chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with left arm tingling and heaviness. possible blood clot in the left leg. and tingling and chest. asthma. history of xxxx calf. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an 8mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. left midlung pulmonary nodule. comparison to a previous xxxx would be most helpful alternatively a noncontrast chest ct could be performed in the nonemergent setting for further characterization. no acute disease. .
none xxxx chest radiograph prior to initiation of medication the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none xxxx chest radiograph prior to initiation of medication the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male who complains of xxxx with inhalation and left-sided chest pain, left mid quadrant pain, concern for stones. chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen: there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is xxxx xxxx curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. 1. chest. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male who complains of xxxx with inhalation and left-sided chest pain, left mid quadrant pain, concern for stones. chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen: there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is xxxx xxxx curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. 1. chest. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. .
none. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. shortness breath on exertion. mitral insufficiency. recent bronchitis. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. chest pain. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. xxxx-a-xxxx xxxx has its tip at the caval atrial junction. no active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx and rib pain. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old with chest pain small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. correlate clinically for xxxx of infection/pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no edema. normal heart size. mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy. .
left knee radiograph xxxx, xxxx. pre-op xxxx chest. lungs are clear and expanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas. 1. chest. no active disease. 2. left knee. advanced degenerative joint disease. .
portable chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, cirrhosis. two left-sided chest tubes again noted. interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. right lung clear. endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 4.5 cm above the carina. left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high svc. no evidence of pneumothorax. interval improvement in aeration of left lung with interval reduction in size of left pleural effusion. persistent patchy left lung airspace disease is noted. stable left-sided chest tubes. . .
none available. xxxx-year-old male status post xxxx on right side. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male status post xxxx on right side. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with history of xxxx x1 and vomiting/hemoptysis for one xxxx. the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. .
none xxxx-year-old female with xxxx lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ultrasound guided left thoracentesis xxxx, outside xxxx xxxx pleural effusion heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the right lung is clear. there is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion. .
xxxx chest pain heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no xxxx consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
cbd exacerbation, xxxx x1 month copd exacerbation, there is s-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are t-spine osteophytes. xxxx opacity in the left lower lobe xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx. xxxx opacity in left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. .
cbd exacerbation, xxxx x1 month copd exacerbation, there is s-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are t-spine osteophytes. xxxx opacity in the left lower lobe xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx. xxxx opacity in left lung base xxxx represents atelectasis or scarring. .
xxxx, xxxx at xxxx hours xxxx-year-old male, status post chest tube with pneumothorax redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung. .
xxxx, xxxx at xxxx hours xxxx-year-old male, status post chest tube with pneumothorax redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. dyspnea heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung xxxx .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with rectal bleeding for 2 xxxx. xxxx for 5 months. nonsmoker. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
history of xxxx cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest. .
none pt with xxxx, c/o pain r lower ribs xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no displaced rib fracture visualized. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. 2. no displaced rib fracture visualized. .
none intermittent asthma. productive xxxx. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none. possible xxxx tumor left arm pain and weakness for 3 weeks. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. no evidence for apical mass. .
none. clinical xxxx-xxxx placement. picc placement. there is blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proximal svc. lines and tubes as above. moderate-to-large left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. .
none. clinical xxxx-xxxx placement. picc placement. there is blunting of the left costophrenic xxxx compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proximal svc. lines and tubes as above. moderate-to-large left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. .
occasional chest pain and shortness of breath. the lungs are clear. there are multiple surgical xxxx seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is a screw in the right shoulder. the soft tissues are normal. 1. no active disease. 2. there are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance. .
none available. indication: short of breath; -- admit comments: uti persistent xxxx there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs. 1. question of left lower lobe pneumonia and/or pleural effusion. 2. borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes. .
none available. right leg fracture, preop the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none available. right leg fracture, preop the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx hypercalcemia cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute process. .
xxxx, xxxx hypercalcemia cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute process. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none pre-xxxx, xxxx depression the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic xxxx are blunted, xxxx corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic xxxx, xxxx xxxx bilateral pleural effusions. .
ap chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with dyspnea. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is bilateral basilar xxxx opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. bibasilar atelectasis. .
none. chest pain. the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. chest pain. the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with osteoarthritis of the left hip. preop evaluation for hip replacement. the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with congestion presents for evaluation. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates and/or small left pleural effusion. . .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with congestion presents for evaluation. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates and/or small left pleural effusion. . .
xxxx, xxxx painful chest xxxx normal heart size. left chest xxxx tip mid svc. right axillary surgical clips. stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. no acute pulmonary findings. stable appearance of the chest. no xxxx or acute finding on today's study. .
right rib films from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with weakness. heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none melanoma, exam for metastatic disease heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a 1.5 cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. 1.5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. comparison to old films, if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. if old films are not available, xxxx scan could be xxxx to evaluate for the presence of calcium. .
a portable chest radiograph from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis also having shortness of breath. there is interval placement of a xxxx on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. there is subpleural edema outlining the right xxxx fissure. 1. stable and adequately placed xxxx. 2. prominent pulmonary vasculature, subpleural edema, and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis. .
xxxx. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues. no active disease. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. stable bullous emphysematous changes. .
none. right arm tingling heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. right arm tingling heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none xxxx-year-old female with history of osteomyelitis. xxxx. there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted. 1. streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. 2. enlarged cardiac silhouette. 3. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. .
none xxxx-year-old female with history of osteomyelitis. xxxx. there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothorax is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted. 1. streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. 2. enlarged cardiac silhouette. 3. mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. .
none pain rt scapular area and below breasts the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none xxxx with xxxx there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact. mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe. .
none xxxx with xxxx there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact. mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe. .
chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. . .
none. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male, preop for bilateral tka. nonsmoker, cardiac stent xxxx. otherwise no complaints. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. chondral cartilages causing xxxx over the anterior lungs on lateral view. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male, preop for bilateral tka. nonsmoker, cardiac stent xxxx. otherwise no complaints. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact. chondral cartilages causing xxxx over the anterior lungs on lateral view. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none syncope mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. tortuosity of the descending aorta. no focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. mild cardiomegaly. .
chest pain. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. chest xray positvie tb. language xxxx unable to get more hx normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active tuberculosis. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . .
none ,466.0 acute bronchitis cxr the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
chest single view from xxxx, xxxx. followup +ppd. heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. no active tuberculosis. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. pain; prominent hiatal hernia. left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. xxxx right pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema / overt chf identified. stable senescent mediastinal contour. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain and shortness of breath for one xxxx. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . .
xxxx, xxxx hemoptysis cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx year old woman with chest pain. the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted. there is a large amount of xxxx distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. there is no pneumothorax. 1. left basilar opacity xxxx represents atelectasis/scarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. 2. stable cardiomegaly. 3. no xxxx airspace disease. .
test ca; r/o xxxx xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
test ca; r/o xxxx xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
chest x-xxxx dated xxxx preoperative lung transplant. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph xxxx. stable lingular scarring. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no bony abnormality. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx. chest pressure. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits>]. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath. diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothorax or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal. bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion xxxx interstitial edema. .
none xxxx-year-old female with xxxx x1 xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea chest pain. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
none. chest pain after xxxx. there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. in addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. there is streaky xxxx opacity within the left lung base xxxx representing atelectasis. otherwise, the lungs are clear. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. in addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the xxxx aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs. .
none xxxx and hypoxia the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region xxxx reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. mild left-sided scarring/subsegmental atelectasis. no definite infiltrate. .
the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with kidney transplant evaluation. a right internal jugular xxxx this catheter has been exchanged for a large xxxx left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly. 1. interval central catheter exchange. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. stable cardiomegaly. . .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx, dyspnea, tachycardic. heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring. small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. .
followup pleural air collection. both lungs remain hyperexpanded. no xxxx focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is xxxx present in the right apex. however, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. heart size remains normal. copd with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
none available positive ppd, please evaluate for pulmonary lesions. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. chest pain. heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .
ct abdomen and pelvis xxxx. dyspnea the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pneumonia there is flattening of hemidiaphragms. there are prominent interstitial markings. there is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. the heart is of the first limits of normal size. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting copd. 2. borderline enlarged heart. 3. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx, xxxx, xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and/or granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, concerning for pneumonia. 2. right upper lobe opacity, favoring scarring and/or granulomas. . .
none. xxxx, xxxx, xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and/or granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, concerning for pneumonia. 2. right upper lobe opacity, favoring scarring and/or granulomas. . .
ct thorax dated xxxx xxxx-year-old male with xxxx loss and history of tobacco use. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. remote left clavicle fracture. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
pain; chest pain x1 xxxx, previous xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. xxxx lingular scarring or atelectasis noted. emphysema without acute disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative. no significant change from xxxx. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative. no significant change from xxxx. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with right chest wall contusion. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax, no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no displaced fractures. .
xxxx and xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none cp consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal. bibasilar pneumonia. .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgical/biopsy changes overlying the right breast. mild hypoinflation without acute disease. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with xxxx for one xxxx the lungs are clear. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. no osseous abnormalities. .
history of dyspnea heart size normal. lungs clear. stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule .
chest x-xxxx xxxx syncope the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a xxxx 10 xxxx nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperexpanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered xxxx densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture. 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. xxxx right apical nodule. further evaluation xxxx chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. 3.chronic findings as discussed below. .
none xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar xxxx. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, dyspnea. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic xxxx. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
ct scan xxxx, xxxx bronchiectasis with acute exacerbation. there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung xxxx bilaterally. this is xxxx to be similar to xxxx scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes. copd and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung xxxx. .
pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, preop lipoma excision. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx abdominal pain and xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. xxxx right lower lung opacity xxxx represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
ct chest angiography, xxxx xxxx, preop for abdominal aortic aneurysm repair heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none available. chest pain. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. normal exam. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain and pelvic pain. chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations. 1. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. pelvis. no acute osseous findings. .
none available. shortness of breath. normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. normal exam .
none. xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. history of testicular cancer status post bone marrow transplant two nodules are noted in the right xxxx xxxx measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large xxxx appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider xxxx for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. at xxxx 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for<br>metastatic disease .
none xxxx-year-old female, short of breath, hypoxia large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. small right pleural effusion. right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding, infiltrates or pulmonary edema. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart xxxx. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx and flu-like symptoms. pt states she feels like a stabbing pain in xxxx back on the left side. xxxx x3 years. no hx of heart or lung conditions. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. .
xxxx x4 weeks. there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the xxxx of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most xxxx representing subsegmental atelectasis. .
preop back surgery. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph xxxx are seen. the skeletal structures are normal. old granulomatous disease. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old woman with hemoptysis no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion xxxx. tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old for preop evaluation for rectal/anus surgery. xxxx. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx evaluate for tuberculosis mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. soft tissues and showed unremarkable. no evidence of active tuberculosis. .
none. copd the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction. no acute process. .
none. xxxx and dyspnea cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
none. xxxx and dyspnea cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
xxxx xxxx heart size normal. lungs clear. resolution of effusion seen on prior exam .
comparison is no acute chest examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with a history of pneumonia presents for followup. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. stable right middle lobe consolidation, most consistent with pneumonia. .
none. chf heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. right hemidiaphragm elevation. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none xxxx-year-old with xxxx lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx history of sarcoidosis, xxxx, xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
productive xxxx low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen. no evidence of active disease. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . .
none xxxx loss, xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old female for xxxx xxxx. history of asthma, congestive heart failure. cardiac arrhythmia. there is no focal consolidation. mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic xxxx xxxx represent small effusions. no pneumothorax is present. there is moderate cardiomegaly. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. 1. unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. question xxxx pleural effusions. .
none available xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx. there are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. there are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.there are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, xxxx scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 1. bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. 2. probably scarring in the left apex, although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. 3. opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring, however the absence of comparison exam, recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution. .
none hx of smoking, not feeling well ; right foot xxxx. two-view chest. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot xxxx are intact with no fractures or bone destruction. 1. chest. no active disease. 2. right foot. negative. .
none xxxx xxxx left lower lobe xxxx segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion .
none xxxx, headaches and difficulty breathing the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none available preoperative exam for hip surgery the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none available preoperative exam for hip surgery the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none dyspnea, history of prostate cancer. xxxx, shortness of breath, nausea. patient on chemotherapy there is a right-sided chest xxxx identified whose distal tip projects over the svc. heart size is normal. low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are grossly clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal pulmonary vascularity. normal mediastinal and hilar contours. degenerative changes of the spine. low lung volumes. no acute abnormality .
none chest pain heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none chest pain heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact. mild cardiomegaly. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact. mild cardiomegaly. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact. mild cardiomegaly. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx, xxxx. persistent xxxx. osteopenia and recent xxxx on left chest. lower rib pain xxxx on a xxxx one xxxx ago chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal. chest. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. ribs. no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female, nonsmoker, preoperative evaluation, prolapse the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease. .
none xxxx, xxxx symptoms the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
none. numbness and tingling in the left arm, nausea vomiting the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour (xxxx visualized on lateral projection), pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx and xxxx. there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. 1.there is a left basilar airspace opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia. 2. right basilar atelectasis. .
chest radiograph on xxxx. xxxx yr old female with dyspnea. normal cardiac contour. clear lung xxxx bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with positive ppd. heart size within normal limits. small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more xxxx represents a granuloma. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute findings, no evidence for active tb. .
xxxx. xxxx, chest pain. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. preop lumbar spine surgery cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. .
none. preop lumbar spine surgery cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. .
none history of xxxx vehicle collision heart size normal. slightly tortuous calcified aorta. no pneumothorax or effusion. no evidence of aortic transection. .
chest x-xxxx 6/8 xxxx vertigo, headache the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged. 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
abdominal pain. recent pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. elevated right hemidiaphragm. right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. . .
tuberculosis in the xxxx +ppd heart size is normal. calcified right paratracheal lymph xxxx calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. no arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis. .
chest 2 views pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx p.m.. evaluate for tuberculosis, starting immunosuppressive medication for rheumatoid arthritis stable obscuration of the left cardiac xxxx, xxxx representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. xxxx are unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. no evidence of tuberculosis. .
xxxx films of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, xxxx. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx shortness of breath with chest pain and dizziness there is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable mild cardiomegaly. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. .
none xxxx year old female, hypertension, preop thyroid surgery. no complaints. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx and asthma. the lungs are hyperexpanded. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. no free subdiaphragmatic air. lung hyperexpansion. no focal air space disease. .
ct abdomen and pelvis with intravenous contrast xxxx xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea. the heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there is an approximately 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. there are other scattered calcified granulomas. the osseous structures are intact. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx, xxxx seizure borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization. findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx seizure borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no xxxx focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization. findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. .
chest radiograph xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with chest pain the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old female, pain heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings .
none. nausea and vomiting the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy no acute process. .
none. difficulty breathing. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, history of t4 supraglottic squamous cell carcinoma. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe, xxxx representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, history of t4 supraglottic squamous cell carcinoma. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe, xxxx representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no radiographic evidence of metastatic disease. .
chest x-xxxx, single view portable from xxxx at xxxx a.m. the patient is a xxxx-year-old woman with syncope. mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency xxxx represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic xxxx deformity. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. multiple chronic changes as described above. . .
ct chest, dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. pain after xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
ct chest, dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. pain after xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
chest pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
,786.2 xxxx-xxxx with congestion. comparison xxxx, xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest. .
xxxx xxxx hypoxia there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. there are xxxx opacities in the right mid lung, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. 1. patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. 2. right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. .
ct chest xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with chest pain the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx malignant melonoma the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx malignant melonoma the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none chest pain lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal. postoperative chest. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old male status post left chest nodule heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. no pulmonary nodules identified. .
none. back pain and hemoptysis. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute findings. .
xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none available. back pain. jaw pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx pt has iv''s in xxxx, unable to remove gown or xxxx the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease. .
none shortest breath lungs are clear. heart size normal. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx chronic xxxx; left mastectomy the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
chest pain. chest. heart size is normal lungs are clear. calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. left shoulder. no fractures and no dislocations. minimal xxxx degenerative disease. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, chest pain lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. soft tissues unremarkable negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx shortness of breath the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. negative chest. .
none chronic xxxx the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none chronic xxxx the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx, single view frontal from xxxx xxxx a.m. repeat after stab wound the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-xxxx. no pneumothorax. .
chest x-xxxx, single view frontal from xxxx xxxx a.m. repeat after stab wound the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-xxxx. no pneumothorax. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the xxxx are again noted bilaterally. no acute disease. .
none. hodgkin's disease. xxxx for two weeks. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left xxxx-a-xxxx is in xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. on a previous outside xxxx scan (xxxx), the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the xxxx xxxx from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available, however, for direct comparison. 1. right upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous xxxx scan. .
none. mid chest pain, xxxx elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. normal heart size. mild spondylosis. .
none. mid chest pain, xxxx elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. normal heart size. mild spondylosis. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperexpanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. mild emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with dyspnea lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. hyperexpanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. mild emphysema. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
127 x 10 melanoma heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. there is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. appearance suggests an old rib fracture. this is xxxx since the previous study. 1. clear lungs. 2. apparent old rib fractures in the left anterior chest. .
xxxx xxxx stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes. 1. small left pleural effusion. 2. stable mild cardiomegaly. .
none available for fatigue, low hemoglobin, shortness of breath. no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available for fatigue, low hemoglobin, shortness of breath. no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. no definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. there is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. .
none. pruritic. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute findings. .
xxxx productive xxxx, history of copd heart xxxx, mediastinum, xxxx, bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no xxxx infiltrates noted. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none available xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. xxxx are grossly unremarkable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none xxxx medicine screening lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most xxxx represents the svc with rotated position. xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none asthma with acute exacerbation calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on pa view only. this may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. this could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. azygos fissure incidentally noted. lungs overall well expanded and clear. mediastinal contour in normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx for 2 months unrelieved by conservative treatment. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx 10 metastatic colon cancer the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. left-sided chest xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothorax. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study. the dominant nodule/mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion. interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease. .
none. back pain and xxxx cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
none available. xxxx. xxxx to feel a rapid heart and chest pain around xxxx this a.m. no cancer hx, nonsmoker the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest x-xxxx, 2 views pa and lateral from xxxx. the patient is a xxxx year-old male with left-sided chest pain. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam. chest x-xxxx, lateral, and decubitus. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. no evidence of pleural effusion. . .
xxxx history of xxxx with xxxx. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. there are endplate changes in the spine. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none. chest pain normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change. there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. chronic xxxx lung volumes remain xxxx. xxxx opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis. .
xxxx prostate cancer there is a xxxx 7 xxxx nodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. xxxx 7 xxxx nodular density at the left costophrenic xxxx. recommend ct scan for further evaluation. .
none. history of lung cancer with metastasis to brain. preoperative evaluation for cyst drainage. there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. normal heart size. question prior right upper lobe resection, no acute abnormality. .
xxxx. history of esophageal carcinoma. pre-op evaluation. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
ct chest xxxx xxxx-year-old male with history renal xxxx, 593.9. evaluate for metastatic disease. there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. for example, there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule, xxxx seen on the frontal view. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is within normal limits. the left hilar contour is prominent. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules, concerning for metastatic disease. 2. prominent left hilum. after correlation with the xxxx scan performed today, findings xxxx reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male who suffered a xxxx. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . .
xxxx xxxx history of xxxx implant heart size is normal. minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen xxxx on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. degenerative disease of thoracic spine. stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart xxxx. .
xxxx xxxx history of xxxx implant heart size is normal. minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen xxxx on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. degenerative disease of thoracic spine. stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart xxxx. .
none chest pain very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. .
none chest pain very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size within normal limits. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, xxxx, nonsmoker. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old female, xxxx, nonsmoker. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx positive ppd. xxxx. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none xxxx-year-old male with positive ppd. there are xxxx left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is as is within normal limits. 1. no evidence of active tuberculosis. 2. xxxx left upper lobe opacities. the appearance xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. .
chest and nasal congestion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small t-spine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. mildly hyperexpanded lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx xxxx loss the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. chest pain. mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available xxxx-year-old male, chest pain dyspnea after xxxx. normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. 2. otherwise, no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. .
none available xxxx-year-old male, chest pain dyspnea after xxxx. normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. 2. otherwise, no acute or xxxx pulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with coughing and wheezing. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities .
xxxx xxxx of breath sputum production heart size is normal. bilateral upper lobe xxxx, fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams. .
chest pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, copd, xxxx, xxxx. normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx breast cancer the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. 1. mild hypoinflation without acute disease. 2. retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia. .
chest pain the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none chest pain the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen. no acute disease. .
none. shortness of breath the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. prior anterior cervical fusion. emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. .
xxxx cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest x-xxxx and xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with shortness of breath, xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with shortness of breath, xxxx. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest radiographs from xxxx, xxxx. chest pain for there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none ,786.2 the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea. there are intact midline sternotomy xxxx and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with dyspnea. there are intact midline sternotomy xxxx and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
none chest pain heart size is normal. mild xxxx xxxx atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. bibasilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute abnormality .
chest radiographically 26 xxxx. history of pericardial effusion. there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the xxxx xxxx configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothorax. large pericardial effusion. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. ,585.9 chronic renal insuffcieny heart size upper limits of normal. the infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which xxxx represents xxxx appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. no airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. no effusions or edema. mediastinal contour unremarkable. .
pa and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx year old chest pain, xxxx, sore throat. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old male, xxxx heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted.. no acute cardiopulmonary findings .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx-year-old male, xxxx. heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine. low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution. .
xxxx, xxxx preop lumbar surgery the cardiac contours are normal. xxxx basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical xxxx arthritis. basilar atelectasis. no confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest pain lung lines remain low. however, no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. xxxx change. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
tuberculosis +ppd heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of pneumonia and chf, followup bilateral pneumonia 4 weeks ago, shortness of breath and productive xxxx. there is redemonstration of an aicd in the left chest wall with intact stable xxxx placement. there are multiple intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx. there is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine. 1. stable cardiomegaly without infiltrates. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic xxxx are xxxx. there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart xxxx, there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothorax. lingular nodule measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm. recommend xxxx to further evaluate. the above findings and recommendations were discussed with xxxx xxxx at xxxx p.m. xxxx, xxxx xxxx telephone. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis presents for evaluation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. these findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease. 2. stable, mild left-sided volume loss. . .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with history of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis presents for evaluation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. these findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease. 2. stable, mild left-sided volume loss. . .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old with pain. there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the cardiac xxxx generator overlies left upper thorax with xxxx xxxx tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothorax. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
chest ct on xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with history of pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. right lower lobe calcified granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. .
chest pain. the bony thorax is intact and the heart size is normal. the lung xxxx are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. we again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies. negative chest. .
xxxx, xxxx. hypoxic with low-grade xxxx. there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. there is no pneumothorax. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph xxxx. small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis. .
none. preop chest x-xxxx for abdominal surgery heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath. history of copd. pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx, and xxxx secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with shortness of breath. history of copd. pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx, and xxxx secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures appear intact. emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema. .
portable chest xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions. 1. left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. recommend followup pa and lateral chest x-xxxx in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. 2. bilateral small pleural effusions. .
portable chest xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions. 1. left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. recommend followup pa and lateral chest x-xxxx in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. 2. bilateral small pleural effusions. .
none xxxx-year-old female, chest pain heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic xxxx blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. 1. cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening 2. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended .
none chest pain. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. the aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal. no active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
chronic xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. no evidence of active disease. .
ct chest on xxxx. portable chest on xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman with hematemesis. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the visualized xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old xxxx with dyspnea. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. 1. right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. 2. low lung volumes. . .
xxxx, xxxx. dizziness and hand numbness. portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute intrathoracic disease. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx at xxxx. xxxx-year-old male suspected pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. 1. no interval change in the appearance of the xxxx opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. metastic melanoma no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. right middle lobe scarring as before. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none chest pain trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. transplant evaluation; no chest complaints; nonsmoker; no previous surgery; shielded. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. transplant evaluation; no chest complaints; nonsmoker; no previous surgery; shielded. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx weakness and xxxx xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, chest pain stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases. 1. cardiomegaly, question small bilateral pleural effusions 2. abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes. .
none sob with chest pain lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. copd. no acute disease. .
none sob with chest pain lungs are hyperexpanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. copd. no acute disease. .
v42.7 liver replaced by transp the lungs appear clear. scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with right pleuritic pain for 7 days. heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact. low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman, rule out tb.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. .
none. dizziness the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. dizziness the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
xxxx xxxx pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. there is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. focal convexity of the left inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. this has been present and without significant change since at xxxx xxxx. nonemergent chest ct may be useful. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with dizziness. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothorax. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no xxxx deformities. emphysematous changes. chronic lung disease, with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
history of followup tb the heart size is normal. there is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex, otherwise lungs clear .
none. chest pain, shortness of breath, xxxx, dizziness. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none. dyspnea. heart size normal and lungs are clear. no edema or pneumonia. no effusion .
none. dyspnea. heart size normal and lungs are clear. no edema or pneumonia. no effusion .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. stable cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. stable left lung base calcifications. no focal consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable cardiomegaly. .
none. xxxx-year-old with nausea and vomiting xxxx eating. pain and the breast bone that radiates into the abdomen. shortness of breath. nonsmoker. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
pa and lateral chest dated xxxx, xxxx xxxx cell crisis stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with xxxx cell changes. 1. stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx. xxxx. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted. 1. hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. 2. pectus carinatum. 3. no evidence of acute disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, dyspnea considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
xxxx-year-old female, dyspnea considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
none. chest pain. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings. .
none. chest pain. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis. no acute findings. .
none xxxx-year-old female, mva, chest pain no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated. dextroscoliosis noted. no acute findings. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. .
none xxxx loss both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen. no active disease. .
xxxx status post xxxx, pain the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear. borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx for 6 months. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none chest pain lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an age-indeterminate xxxx fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx altered mental status intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. t-spine degenerative changes. postsurgical changes of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest 2 view dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat xxxx is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the xxxx are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. 786.2 xxxx, xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. 786.2 xxxx, xxxx well-expanded and clear lungs. conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx, xxxx, preop.. the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a xxxx right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified. changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx, xxxx, preop.. the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph xxxx. the bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a xxxx right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified. changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
721.3 the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary process. .
chest x-xxxx and lateral from xxxx. chest pain the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx, history of acute bronchitis cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
single view chest radiograph xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, scapular pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. no acute osseus abnormality. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. bilateral scapula appear unremarkable. .
chest pain with shortness of breath the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present. hyperinflation consistent with copd. no acute pulmonary disease identified. .
none available preop mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. no active disease. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx, xxxx. this is a xxxx-year-old male patient with vomiting, history of varices, and previous complaints of chest pain. the cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. the mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior xxxx xxxx. this appears unchanged. slightly xxxx inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. this is unchanged. osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. no pneumothorax or obvious pulmonary lesions seen. .
xxxx-year-old male, pain comparisxxxxxxxx heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no acute findings .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the xxxx are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
chest radiograph xxxx. xxxx xxxx with copd/emphysema and dyspnea on exertion. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, findings compatible with emphysema. .
none pt pod 6 s/p xxxx to open vhr with chest pain and occasional dyspnea. lung volumes are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in both lung bases. a hiatal hernia is present. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. .
xxxx pt states pain couple of days worse today the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old with xxxx, evaluate for rib fracture. there is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures. no focal lung consolidation. copd. no displaced fractures. .
none chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx xxxx the xxxx examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. external monitor leads xxxx the thorax. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute thoracic xxxx. .
xxxx, xxxx hypoxia borderline cardiac enlargement. tortuous aorta. prominent hilar contours. worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. a pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. a followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. if this area does not resolve, further characterization with xxxx may be warranted. .
xxxx, xxxx. midsternal chest pain radiating to left arm. shortness of breath. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx tb the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no active disease. specifically, no radiographic evidence for tuberculosis. .
preop total left knee left knee. moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. .
xxxx chest pain the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation.  no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size is at the upper limits of  normal. thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. old right clavicular fracture is again noted. clear lungs. .
none evaluate for metastatic disease; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there are xxxx opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. no significant pleural effusion is seen. mild xxxx xxxx opacities with scarring; no acute disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. alveolar and adenopathy. there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. minimal small area scarring of the left base. .
xxxx, xxxx preop bariatric surgery. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings. .
xxxx, xxxx preop bariatric surgery. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no acute preoperative findings. .
none. dizzy. unable to xxxx. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities, xxxx calcified granulomas. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. probable previous granulomatous disease. .
none. dizzy. unable to xxxx. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities, xxxx calcified granulomas. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. probable previous granulomatous disease. .
none mvc ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease .
none mvc ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute disease .
none positive ppd. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none positive ppd. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old with dyspnea. the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. pain heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. xxxx are osteopenic. no visible pneumothorax. mild interstitial prominence, xxxx chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema. .
none available. xxxx-year-old woman with shortness of breath. cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the right heart xxxx appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. obscured right heart xxxx with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx, weakness the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and extensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic xxxx deformities, age-indeterminate. there is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum, most xxxx secondary to a large hiatal hernia. 1. no acute thoracic abnormality. 2. cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. 3. probable large hiatal hernia. 4. limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia, age-indeterminate xxxx fracture deformities. .
pa and lateral views of the chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with peripheral edema. mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax or effusion. large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine. emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx with xxxx, neuropathy heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized. no pulmonary nodules. negative chest. .
none xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman, prior to enbrel therapy.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath and xxxx. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebra. 1. possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. consider ct for further evaluation, if clinically indicated. .
xxxx. xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath and xxxx. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx deformity of a midthoracic vertebra. 1. possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. consider ct for further evaluation, if clinically indicated. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. stable xxxx opacity in the left xxxx, xxxx representing a scar. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. no acute intrathoracic abnormality. 2. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions, possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteries/pulmonary hypertension. please correlate clinically. .
none. xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. left lower lobe infiltrate. .
none. xxxx. heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. left lower lobe infiltrate. .
none difficulty swallowing lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none difficulty swallowing lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. chest tightness and dizziness with exertion x1 xxxx. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
chest x-xxxx, 2 views pa and lateral from xxxx, xxxx. the patient is a xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx and xxxx symptoms. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a xxxx opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. 1. low lung volumes. 2. opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. . .
none. xxxx, chest pain and xxxx x2 weeks. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none pain and spine and chest after xxxx lumbar spine. no fractures. no dislocations. disc spaces are normal. no degenerative disease. clips in the gallbladder region. thoracic spine. no xxxx fractures or dislocations. no significant degenerative disease. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothorax. .
none. xxxx the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
xxxx. shortness of breath. stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. .
xxxx. shortness of breath. stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. left shoulder pain. hypertension. apparent cardiomegaly xxxx at xxxx partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality. 1. cardiomegaly without heart failure. 2. low lung findings. left retrocardiac opacities, xxxx subsegmental atelectasis. .
xxxx sob xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx sob xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic xxxx appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. no acute pulmonary disease. .
chest ct, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
and xxxx, xxxx. r/o pleural effusion the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
chest pain cxr sfwp the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. there is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, xxxx related to subpleural fat. the appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. no acute disease. .
xxxx pt with sob, a xxxx xxxx lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine. cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear. .
xxxx elevated blood pressure and thoracic pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from xxxx. the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable examination of the chest. .
xxxx. dorv, post surgery changes post bilateral thoracotomy and xxxx sternotomy. intact xxxx xxxx. stable position of the epicardial xxxx xxxx. mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions. 1. stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. 2. small bilateral pleural effusions. .
none. xxxx-year-old with xxxx for 5 days. previously seen for vomiting and ear pain. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none xxxx-year-old male with xxxx onset chest pain low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are unremarkable. 1. increased bilateral interstitial opacity, xxxx consistent with mild interstitial edema. .
none xxxx-year-old female, xxxx, xxxx. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
chest ap portable. xxxx. desaturation episode overnight, please evaluate for infiltrate; there are xxxx opacities within both lung bases, xxxx representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. bibasilar atelectasis. no pneumonia. . .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx and congestion low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available. xxxx year old woman, question swallowed foreign body (xxxx xxxx). cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. .
none available. xxxx year old woman, question swallowed foreign body (xxxx xxxx). cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. .
none v70.0 routine xxxx medical examination at a xxxx xxxx facility 305.1 nondependent tobacco use xxxx the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
ct from xxxx, xxxx left arm tingling. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. unremarkable xxxx. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
none. xxxx-year-old preop evaluation for knee replacement. heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are extensive vascular calcifications. there is a left midlung calcified granuloma. cardiomegaly without acute disease. .
xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old female with chest. unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence. 1. mild cardiomegaly. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. chest pain. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old with chest pain. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx. study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen. cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema. .
xxxx, xxxx. pain, history of end-stage renal disease, type 1 diabetes. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the xxxx study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema. probable mild cardiomegaly, without evidence of acute failure. no focal airspace disease. . .
none xxxx onset hemoptysis heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific. .
states having left rib pain along side and under left breast/hx of asthma/no hx of surgery/nonsmoker/hx of cervical cancer several yrs ago. shielded no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none available chest pain heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. chronic changes without acute process .
weakness and dizziness. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, xxxx heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. xxxx densities in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis, scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
786.59,786.09, 34yof with chest pressure,sob with xxxx activity no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
786.59,786.09, 34yof with chest pressure,sob with xxxx activity no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female, short of breath, pain bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours. 1. bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left 2. abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes infection, aspiration, atypical distribution pulmonary edema .
pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with pain. heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none chest pain the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
xxxx. rule out aspiration. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. right base densities are again noted which appear improved. previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. there continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. an air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. no definite pneumothorax is seen. 1. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. extensive post-op changes. 3. right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. 4. air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. although this could represent air-fluid within a xxxx of bowel, a subpulmonic process is a consideration. if clinically indicated, xxxx scan would better define this. .
none shortness of breath, xxxx lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none xxxx-year-old male, metastatic workup. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx-year-old male, metastatic workup. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. bony thorax is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
tb inactive v12.01 no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. shortest breath frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. right-sided aortic xxxx. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. there is right basal xxxx patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. right apical calcified granuloma noted. 1. right basal acute airspace disease. please correlate clinically for pneumonia. 2. chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect copd. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with chest pain. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx, xxxx. history of positive tb. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx, xxxx. history of positive tb. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx and chills, nonprod. cought, has xxxx fibrotic lung disease but has no recent cxr.; comparison xxxx, xxxx. xxxx right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is xxxx on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the xxxx fissure. some xxxx opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. stable mediastinal contour. .
xxxx loss. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. 1. large hiatal hernia. 2. clear lungs. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. diabetes; pt to have throat surgery. device compatible tracheostomy is in xxxx, with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. diabetes; pt to have throat surgery. device compatible tracheostomy is in xxxx, with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
history of chest pain status post left mastectomy. heart size normal. lungs are clear. .
none multiple myeloma bmt w/u lab; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest xxxx tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothorax. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
chest 2 views. xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with pleuritic chest pain lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothorax. clear lungs. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none. xxxx yr old female with dyspnea. left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior xxxx xxxx. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. xxxx fracture seen at t5 and l2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine. 1. pathologic fractures seen at t5 and l2. 2. left venous catheter in svc. .
none. xxxx-year-old male. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality. negative. .
none. syncope normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic xxxx. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted. 1. no evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. .
no comparison chest x-xxxx. hep c,hepatocellular cancer slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits for patient's age. no suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified. .
xxxx chest pain heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine. no acute abnormality. .
none chest pain x1.5 hours. worsening with deep inspiration, radiating to right shoulder. three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. .
none chest pain x1.5 hours. worsening with deep inspiration, radiating to right shoulder. three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. .
ap chest xxxx/xxxx, report only. image not currently available. xxxx-year-old, preop carotid endarterectomy. heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic xxxx. xxxx curvature of the thoracic spine. exaggerated kyphosis. xxxx are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior xxxx loss of several vertebral bodies. chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
chronic smoking and prior asbestos exposure. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
chronic smoking and prior asbestos exposure. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. left chest pain. right rib pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old female. left chest pain. right rib pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. negative for acute abnormality. .
ap chest xxxx with contrast xxxx xxxx year old xxxx for a xxxx. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. focal area of xxxx scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. no acute pulmonary process. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none xxxx-year-old male with chest pain no large pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx noted. no acute abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx left lower chest pain moving into shoulder. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
none there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia. .
none. xxxx-year-old with dyspnea. the lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with copd. mild cardiomegaly. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. no focal lung consolidation. copd. .
xxxx pt is pre-op r carotid artery repair; xxxx xxxx xxxx/xxxx/sob; no hx smoking; xxxx xxxx l carotid artery repair in xxxx; pt has xxxx both xxxx operated on for rotator xxxx. redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from xxxx of xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa and lateral chest radiograph, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with left upper quadrant pain, chest pain. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx, with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. 1. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. stable appearance of the chest. 2. evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions. .
none. tuberculosis positive ppd heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female with chest pain the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. chest pain borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. elevated right diaphragm. prominent hilar contours bilaterally. no acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion. .
none. chest pain borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. elevated right diaphragm. prominent hilar contours bilaterally. no acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion. .
xxxx xxxx placement heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis .
xxxx xxxx placement heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis .
chest radiograph xxxx. xxxx-year-old xxxx with chest pain and shortness of breath. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. productive xxxx for one xxxx. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none patient with ampullary adenocarcinoma, preoperative evaluation the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast xxxx within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none patient with ampullary adenocarcinoma, preoperative evaluation the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast xxxx within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease .
none 786.59, 54yof with chest pain;:attn: sternum,direct xxxx to sternum 3 days ago there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be xxxx to evaluate this finding. as the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a xxxx left-sided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine. 1. minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, xxxx acute. there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. 2. questionable anterior xxxx cortical disruption seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be needed to evaluate this. 3. xxxx left-sided pleural effusion .
none 786.59, 54yof with chest pain;:attn: sternum,direct xxxx to sternum 3 days ago there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be xxxx to evaluate this finding. as the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a xxxx left-sided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine. 1. minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, xxxx acute. there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. 2. questionable anterior xxxx cortical disruption seen xxxx on lateral view. xxxx would be needed to evaluate this. 3. xxxx left-sided pleural effusion .
ppd reactive no active disease. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx-year-old female, xxxx, difficulty breathing xxxx focal opacity in the medial right lung base xxxx seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. or, if clinical findings are not compatible with xxxx may be of xxxx. .
xxxx dyspnea seen impression ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax. mild pulmonary vascular congestion. .
xxxx dyspnea seen impression ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothorax. mild pulmonary vascular congestion. .
xxxx, xxxx. 1 h/o htn the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. 1 h/o htn the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none etoh, diabetes, altered mental status heart size is within normal limits. no edema. bandlike scarring in the right base. no pleural effusion, lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph, not well localized on the frontal image. could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela. .
none burmese male has complete tb treatment both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar xxxx are present no active disease. .
none burmese male has complete tb treatment both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar xxxx are present no active disease. .
none. chest pain, shortness of breath. the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. there are xxxx multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx dyspnea there has been interval xxxx sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. there is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium. 1. scarring in the left midlung. 2. cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes of mitral valve surgery. .
,v72.82,305.1 preop chest x-xxxx gyn surgery. xxxx. no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
xxxx, xxxx 43 rolled male with dyspnea. the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
tips revision xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female with xxxx, abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. no pneumothorax. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. chronic appearing bibasilar pleural abnormality with possible small effusions. 2. no evidence of pneumonia. tips shunt visualized. . .
none. preop anesthesia xxxx the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
none. preop anesthesia xxxx the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx at xxxx for aspiration. the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, xxxx atelectasis. . .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx year old female with dyspnea. heart size normal. tortuous aorta. calcified hilar lymph xxxx xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. hyperinflated lungs. the otherwise lungs are clear. the bilateral apices are partially excluded from the xxxx-of-view. there is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, xxxx appears grossly intact. osteopenia. exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx no comparison chest x-xxxx xxxx lungs. lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. no substantial mediastinal shift seen. right lung grossly clear. .
xxxx pleuritic pain no comparison chest x-xxxx. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. .
xxxx at xxxx ,786.2 the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study xxxx. a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear. 1. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. 2. clear lungs .
xxxx chest pain given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered xxxx deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. chest pain. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung, xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral exam. 1. vague density in right xxxx, xxxx related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. 2. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx previous xxxx with shortness of breath, xxxx the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen. no acute disease. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral none. xxxx. chest pain. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar xxxx. no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the xxxx are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none indication cirrhosis evaluate pre liver transplant the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen. small bilateral pleural effusions. .
xxxx at xxxx p.m. chest pain. heart size is within normal limits for ap technique. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate. no visible pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs. .
xxxx. dizziness and confusion. normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease. unchanged exam without acute abnormality. .
xxxx altered mental status, falling the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. degenerative changes of the spine. 1. low volume study without acute process. .
xxxx dyspnea heart size normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. soft tissues and xxxx are unremarkable. normal chest. .
none history of dyspnea cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses. .
xxxx syncope the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
none. chest pain , right arm numbness this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process .
none. chest pain , right arm numbness this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process .
none. xxxx. cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right lung base granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. no acute pulmonary findings. .
xxxx hours status post cardiac valve replacement and cabg. interval improvement/resolution right patchy lateral base opacity. there is continued xxxx density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm . costophrenic xxxx blunting may persist but the left costophrenic xxxx is clipped from view. there is a right middle base calcific nodular density xxxx from old granulomatous disease. mild left apical pleural thickening. xxxx xxxx and valve xxxx. probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. thoracic spine dish. .
none xxxx for one xxxx the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain and shortness of breath.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
rib pain after a xxxx, xxxx xxxx steps this xxxx. pain to r back, r elbow and r rib xxxx, no previous heart or lung hx, non-xxxx, no hx ca no displaced rib fractures, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
chest x-xxxx, 2 views pa and lateral from xxxx. the patient is a xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx and vomiting. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most xxxx representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams. . .
chest x-xxxx, 2 views pa and lateral from xxxx. the patient is a xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx and vomiting. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. no evidence of pneumothorax. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung apex most xxxx representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams. . .
none. sore throat. xxxx. chest pain. heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe. .
none xxxx-year-old female without chest complaints. allergic to tb test. six months pregnant heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. no evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection. .
frontal chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old woman, hypoxia. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease, with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. changes of chronic interstitial lung disease with ill-defined patchy left apical and right basilar airspace disease. pa and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit xxxx clinically feasible. .
left chest wall pain heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none xxxx-year-old female, xxxx bleed heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
none xxxx-year-old female, xxxx bleed heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
abdominal pain cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. lung volumes are slightly low. there are streaky left basal opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. no free air is demonstrated. streaky left basilar airspace opacities, which could reflect atelectasis and/or infection. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. normal xxxx. xxxx cholecystectomy. low lung volumes, otherwise clear. .
none. xxxx year-old male with dyspnea, chemical exposure. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. no pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. low lung volumes. no acute pulmonary disease. .
two views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old with shortness of breath. history of bladder cancer. xxxx. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable xxxx foreign body noted over the left chest. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic xxxx. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
pain and difficulty breathing. there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. opacity xxxx representing left upper lobe pneumonia. recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass. .
none. preop hernia repair. the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. no acute pulmonary findings. thoracic spondylosis. no acute process. .
two views of the chest xxxx. pain. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. post xxxx closure. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. xxxx closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
chest x-xxxx dated xxxx, xxxx. 786.05 shortness of breath there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
xxxx mental status changes, and hospice for multiple myeloma heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. pulmonary vascularity is normal.&gt;] lung volumes are low. no focal airspace disease or effusion. expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib xxxx represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female, xxxx not otherwise specified stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax. no acute findings. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female, xxxx not otherwise specified stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothorax. no acute findings. .
none xxxx-year-old male, chest pain apical lordotic frontal view. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
none xxxx-year-old male, chest pain apical lordotic frontal view. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. .
none. xxxx-year-old with preop evaluation for bariatric surgery. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx kidney transplant evaluation heart size is within normal limits. coronary artery stent noted. no edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted. .
none 30 lb xxxx loss in 4 xxxx, xxxx term xxxx lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. findings of copd and left base focal atelectasis. .
none 30 lb xxxx loss in 4 xxxx, xxxx term xxxx lungs are xxxx. xxxx opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal. findings of copd and left base focal atelectasis. .
pa and lateral views of the chest on xxxx, xxxx. dizziness, hypoxia. there extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. dyspnea. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. dyspnea. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. xxxx/wheeze both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
portable chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female history of sarcoidosis, icd placement. there is redemonstration of an aicd with the left chest wall with stable intact xxxx placement. surgical cervical xxxx is redemonstrated. cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal. xxxx opacity in the left upper lobe, xxxx atelectasis or scarring. no visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. 1. stable aicd with intact xxxx replacement. 2. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . .
hypertension; preop hernia repair the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased xxxx opacities on lateral projection xxxx reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease. .
hypertension; preop hernia repair the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased xxxx opacities on lateral projection xxxx reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. no acute disease. .
comparison is xxxx to chest radiograph examination dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary process. . .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male with mitomyopathy and tachycardia lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. normal heart size. bony thorax grossly unremarkable. negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected xxxx artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal xxxx. negative for acute abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old female. chest pain. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. suspected xxxx artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal xxxx. negative for acute abnormality. .
none. xxxx the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated. clear lungs, no focal airspace consolidation. .
ct chest, dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx are grossly normal. worsening masslike opacification of right apex, suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia. .
ct chest, dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male. xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right apex. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx are grossly normal. worsening masslike opacification of right apex, suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia. .
chest 2 views xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, dizziness, headache. normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
chest 2 views xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old female, dizziness, headache. normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none. dyspnea borderline heart size. calcified aorta. no active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia. .
none. dyspnea borderline heart size. calcified aorta. no active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia. .
xxxx-year-old female, syncope heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings .
none. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available. anxiety and difficulty breathing the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none available. anxiety and difficulty breathing the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx. prior sternotomy. midline sternotomy xxxx. normal heart size. vascular congestion. no overt edema or lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. .
none. chest pain xxxx this xxxx. weakness and shortness of breath. frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary xxxx and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. no pleural effusion. basilar atelectasis. otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. .
none. chest pain both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
none. chest and back pain x2 months. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
xxxx, xxxx xxxx physical stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. eventration right diaphragm. scarring in the pulmonary apices. no acute findings. thoracic spondylosis. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with syncopal episode. heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. there is no acute, displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
none. xxxx-year-old woman with xxxx. heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
pa and lateral views of the chest dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female, history of breast cancer, no chest complaints. postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
none available xxxx heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. umbilical piercing. no acute abnormality. . .
none xxxx for xxxx in chest lower cervical and upper thoracic xxxx spinal fixation xxxx. multiple sternotomy xxxx. bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. the lungs appear clear. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings xxxx related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. .
xxxx-year-old female with xxxx heart size is unchanged. aortic calcification is noted. no pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. there are unchanged xxxx opacities throughout the lungs which xxxx represent scarring. lungs are hyperexpanded. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. stable chronic lung disease. . .
xxxx, xxxx. chest and back pain. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. continued severe cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. no acute pulmonary disease process identified. .
xxxx, xxxx. chest and back pain. frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification. no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. continued severe cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. no acute pulmonary disease process identified. .
chest x-xxxx xxxx, xxxx xxxx-year-old male, xxxx xxxx ago. right shoulder pain. the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. technically limited exam. 2. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . .
,305.1 tobacco use xxxx no comparison chest x-xxxx. well-expanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none bone marrow transplant evaluation the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are xxxx to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung. no evidence of active disease. .
xxxx xxxx heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. normal chest .
none. xxxx-year-old male status post xxxx. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal xxxx. xxxx opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. mild wedge xxxx deformity of t12. right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis. .
hypertension, shortness of breath. cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered xxxx opacities are present whose appearance xxxx scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothorax is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib. 1. cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 3. scattered xxxx of left base scarring/atelectasis. .
none pt w/ sacroiliitis heart size is normal. aorta is tortuous and ectatic. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. pleural effusions or pneumothorax. endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine. ectatic aorta. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none dyspnea, subjective fevers, arthritis, immigrant from bangladesh interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary xxxx normal. diffuse fibrosis. no visible focal acute disease. .
none dyspnea, subjective fevers, arthritis, immigrant from bangladesh interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary xxxx normal. diffuse fibrosis. no visible focal acute disease. .
none. xxxx-year-old with hypoxia and shortness of breath. xxxx. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx xxxx-year-old female, copd exacerbation, short of breath streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. bibasilar opacities, right greater than left, features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis .
none. xxxx-year-old xxxx with xxxx. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality. chest radiograph. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
ct chest xxxx the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. a right-sided mediport catheter is noted. no pleural effusion is identified. no focal lung infiltrates. .
none xxxx-year-old male, syncope heart size within normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. .
xxxx, xxxx. dyspnea a strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. right lung is clear. heart size remains normal. patchy left lower lobe infiltrate and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis. .
none. xxxx with history of positive tb skin test. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, xxxx from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. no evidence of active tb. .
none history of lung cancer xxxx shortness of breath and decreased breath sounds right lung clear. catheter tip in upper svc. heart size appears normal. patient is a large left effusion extending up to the level of the aortic xxxx. the ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam and she is trying to arrange admission to xxxx for dyspnea evaluation. .
none available. 401.1 hypertension, no xxxx chest symptoms, pt will be entering an assisted living facility xxxx there is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. the aorta is tortuous. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. this is a xxxx-year-old female patient with xxxx. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic xxxx. this is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. in addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. there is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic xxxx greater than right. a subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. the osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes. .
radiograph chest pa and lateral xxxx, xxxx shortness of breath, chest pain, productive xxxx. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable right-sided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, xxxx seen on lateral view. no pneumothorax. severe degenerative disease of the xxxx. increasing density in the superior segment xxxx the left lower lobe, xxxx seen on lateral view, consistent worsening of known tumor. .
xxxx chest pain 1. stable appearance of xxxx scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous xxxx xxxx granulomas. there are calcified right hilar lymph xxxx as xxxx. 2. xxxx opacities in the left lung base, xxxx atelectasis or scarring 3. low lung volumes 4. no focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia. .
pa and lateral chest x-xxxx dated xxxx. xxxx-year-old female with chest pain. the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates. .
xxxx xxxx x 2 weeks. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated. xxxx left upper lobe infiltrate. .
xxxx xxxx x 2 weeks. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is xxxx patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated. xxxx left upper lobe infiltrate. .
none available. hemoptysis heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. low volume study without definite acute process. 2. mild cardiomegaly. .
xxxx preop right knee surgery pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none. lung cancer. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left pleural effusion is present. a mass density is present in the left midlung zone. this measures approximately 3.2 cm in diameter. air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. some xxxx of right lung atelectasis are noted. osteopenia and xxxx deformities are present in the spine. multiple surgical clips are noted. no pneumothorax is seen. 1. left midlung mass. 2. left base effusion. 3. probable hiatal hernia. .
xxxx; the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic xxxx. no focal consolidation is seen. no acute infiltrate. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with xxxx. evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. no visible pleural xxxx. no focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. included osseous structures are grossly intact. no acute pulmonary disease. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, preop history of xxxx.. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph xxxx. a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old male, preop history of xxxx.. no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph xxxx. a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. .
chest x-xxxx, xxxx, xxxx. this is a xxxx-year-old female patient with shortness of breath and dyspnea. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. an element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. in addition, subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. no pneumothorax is identified. the osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. incidental note is xxxx of nipple xxxx. .
comparison xxxx, xxxx. syncope anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. no effusions or chf identified. a few scant reticular opacities in right lung base xxxx hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. .
none available. xxxx-year-old female with xxxx onset of xxxx. low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. shortness of breath, chest pain low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. xxxx xxxx are grossly intact. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none chest pain lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
syncope and right elbow pain after falling the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma, stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. 1. chronic changes without acute process .
syncope and right elbow pain after falling the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma, stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine. 1. chronic changes without acute process .
none bone marrow transplant. no complaints currently slightly enlarged heart. no effusions. no edema. no nodules or masses. aortic xxxx calcification. aortic xxxx is normal size. lungs are clear. .
xxxx pa/lat cxr,v76.10 breast screening unspec,no hx ca or implants the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx are noted. the lungs are clear. no acute disease. .
xxxx dyspnea normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. right-sided rib fractures again noted. mildly improved xxxx xxxx opacities, which may represent atelectasis, infiltrate and/or pleural effusions. .
xxxx dyspnea normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. no pneumothorax. xxxx xxxx opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. right-sided rib fractures again noted. mildly improved xxxx xxxx opacities, which may represent atelectasis, infiltrate and/or pleural effusions. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx and congestion with xxxx for 1 month the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no active disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. dizziness and shortness of breath. lightheadedness. 2 images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. .
none available. pain, weakness there are t-spine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc xxxx of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothorax. the heart is borderline enlarged. 1. borderline cardiomegaly. 2. age-indeterminate, xxxx chronic, xxxx deformity in the midthoracic spine. .
xxxx pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx-year-old male, xxxx. there is xxxx increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. 1. increased opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. recommend chest ct for further evaluation. 2. xxxx opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. .
xxxx pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx-year-old male, xxxx. there is xxxx increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. 1. increased opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. recommend chest ct for further evaluation. 2. xxxx opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. .
pa and lateral view of the chest from xxxx, xxxx. xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
pa and lateral view of the chest from xxxx, xxxx. xxxx. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothorax. there is no large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
none available chest pain the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities unremarkable chest. .
xxxx shortness of breath 1. patchy bilateral opacities, primarily in the lung bases, whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. aspiration or edema are also possible but less xxxx. 2. xxxx lung volumes 3. no pneumothorax .
xxxx, xxxx melanoma cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. no x-xxxx evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease. stable appearance of the chest. .
none xxxx year-old male, xxxx. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothorax. osseous structures are intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
pa lateral views the chest from xxxx. xxxx-year-old female dyspnea. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute right pulmonary findings. .
xxxx the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant. 1. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none. xxxx year-old female with dyspnea. there is mild xxxx opacification over both xxxx, xxxx secondary to soft tissue attenuation. there are no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none edema the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable. borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. .
none edema the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable. borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. .
none lung cancer preop 3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. no effusion. no adenopathy. ct scan is the xxxx xxxx to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. no bony abnormalities. .
none. xxxx vehicle accident. mid chest pain from airbag. normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
chest radiograph on xxxx xxxx-year-old woman with back pain no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process. .
chest radiograph on xxxx xxxx-year-old woman with back pain no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process. .
none. chest pain cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
none. chest pain cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. negative chest x-xxxx. .
ct chest xxxx (part of xxxx/ct scan) xxxx-year-old male, preoperative evaluation. history of thyroid cancer. there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. 2. stable cardiomegaly. 3. prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. .
rib pain catheter tip mid svc. heart size is normal. no acute alveolar or interstitial infiltrates. the 9th posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this may be the site of an old healed fracture. otherwise no acute rib fractures seen. bone scan may be informative .
pa and lateral chest radiographs xxxx. xxxx-year-old male with positive ppd. the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection. .
ap and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx year old dialysis catheter placement. there has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse xxxx. xxxx airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions. 1. interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. 2. bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. .
ap and lateral chest xxxx. xxxx year old dialysis catheter placement. there has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse xxxx. xxxx airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions. 1. interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. 2. bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. .
xxxx, xxxx. bladder cancer. mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc. the lungs appear to be clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no active disease. .
xxxx xxxx year old with chest pain, shortness of breath, hypertension. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge xxxx deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies. 1. no acute findings. 2. stable midthoracic vertebral body xxxx fractures. .
xxxx xxxx year old with chest pain, shortness of breath, hypertension. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge xxxx deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies. 1. no acute findings. 2. stable midthoracic vertebral body xxxx fractures. .
xxxx, xxxx chest pain marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. mild atelectasis in the right base. stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. obscured left heart xxxx. kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel xxxx deformities, poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
none available. xxxx-year-old male with chest pain. heart size normal. no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx cp sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. clear lungs. .
none. xxxx-year-old female with history of xxxx. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothorax. no visible pleural fluid. the xxxx are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. .
none. evaluate for metastatic disease; pre op for prostatectomy. no chest complaints. there is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. 1 cm nodule within the lung base, seen only on the lateral view. consider imaging correlation with xxxx abdomen study, if available. . .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old xxxx with positive ppd.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. .
two-view chest radiograph dated xxxx, xxxx.. xxxx-year-old xxxx with positive ppd.. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. .
none available. the patient is a xxxx-year-old male with hiccups and xxxx. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary findings. . .
none heart failure. myopericarditis. heart size is normal. small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. probable interstitial edema, less xxxx fibrosis. .
chest x-xxxx on xxxx xxxx-year-old female with leukocytosis and dka chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the xxxx are intact. stable splenic artery embolism coils. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. .
none xxxx-year-old male with chest pain the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. the xxxx are unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .
xxxx, xxxx. pain, productive xxxx, shortness of breath. the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. borderline cardiomegaly. no acute findings. . .
none. shortness of breath, throat pain the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. no acute pulmonary abnormality. .
has a history of followup pleural effusion. heart size normal. right lung clear. persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion. .
none. xxxx-year-old with xxxx and occasional xxxx for 2 weeks. the heart, pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. no acute cardiopulmonary disease. .
xxxx, xxxx. xxxx-year-old chest pain. heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine. no acute cardiopulmonary finding. .
xxxx the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. no acute pulmonary disease. .
none status post cardiac catheterization. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease. .
none status post cardiac catheterization. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine. no evidence of active disease. .
history of chest pain xxxx nausea. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. no nodules masses or effusions .